We're not gonna abandon Bellemere! Damn, why does this have to happen? Don't give in to them, Bellemere! Delicious! Truly a Bellemere orange sauce original! The duck in the oven needs another 10 minutes, gotta add the vegatables Stew's about ready too. So it's just the egg rice left. This is going to hit the budget pretty hard. Oh, they're home now? SURVIVE! BELLEMERE, THE MOTHER, AND NAMI'S FAMILY! SURVIVE! BELLEMERE, THE MOTHER, AND NAMI'S FAMILY! It's open! Come in! Don't mind if I do Don't mind if I do Too bad for you, I'm a former marine. Too bad for you, I'm a former marine. Too bad for you, I'm a former marine. Too bad for you, I'm a former marine. Now what would a pirate all the way from the Grand Line want with Cocoyashi village? What's so funny?! Useless! You inferior being that was absolutely useless! You inferior being that was absolutely useless! You inferior being that was absolutely useless! You inferior being that was absolutely useless! You inferior being that was absolutely useless! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! We'll use the backdoor to let her escape! But the pirates might be in there already! It's okey Stop ! Doctor! You can't go home! Get out of the way! We have to rescue Bellemere-san! Get out of the way! We have to rescue Bellemere-san! Nojiko , Nami ! You two listen up. It's times like these Well, because of a situation like this, I'm forced to tell you something that may sound a little cruel. Doctor ! Bellemere-san!! It's no use These guys are real monsters! We're gonna get killed! Nojiko Nami! Bellemere! Don't waste your life on something trivial. Don't waste your life on something trivial. Don't waste your life on something trivial. There are fights without meaning, too! This can be solved with money! Gen-San ! That's right, marine girl. Adults are 100,000. Kids are 50,000. If you pay for the family's worth, I'll let you live As a divine mercy on you. My family's worth? That's 200,000 total. How much do you have in all Even with everything Even with everything A little over 100,000. A little over 100,000. Hey! There's food for three here! Oh? A three-person family, eh? It must've slipped my mind Today, me and a good friend of mine were invited over for dinner. Come to Bellemere, pay up for Your self, the food gonna get cold Gen-San. She seems to have the 100,000. She seems to have the 100,000. Good thing we all have enough. Now everyone will be safe. The census shows that she's never been married nor had any kids. She's always been single. She's always been single. Understand? There's no proof that you two and Bellemere are a family. Leave this island before they find out! Cross the sea and escape! There's no other way we can afford to save all three of you. There's no other way we can afford to save all three of you. I know it's unreasonable for you two youngsters to venture the sea. Something could go wrong But even if there's the slightest chance No. But even if there's the slightest chance I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? I don't want to! Why do we have to leave? They're the ones who invaded us. I want to stay in this village. Is it because we're poor, that we can't be Bellemere-san's daughters? Why? Why does it have to be this way? Thank god. That I could save Fine, we'll leave this island. Nojiko! Fine, we'll leave this island. We're leaving! That way, Bellemere-san will be safe. We're leaving! That way, Bellemere-san will be safe. Hold up! Who said that was my share? That 100,000 is for my two daughters. I'm short on mine. Bellemere, You. Sorry, Gen-san. Bellemere, You. I can't deny I don't have a family Even if it means sacrificing my life. That's absurd! We may not be blood-related, We may not be blood-related, but we're still a family. I wish I could be a mother by simply saying it. I wish I could be a mother by simply saying it. Those two are my daughters, right? Those two are my daughters, right? Those two are my daughters, right? Bellemere-san!! Hay, You two Bellemere-san!! Bellemere-san!! If i was to be adopted, then I'd rather have been taken in By a rich family I was lying!! It was a lie!! Bellemere-san! It was a lie!! Bellemere-san! It was a lie!! Bellemere-san! I really wanted to buy you more stuff, like books and new clothes. I really wanted to buy you more stuff, like books and new clothes. I'm sorry that I couldn't more of a mother to you guys. thats not true ! We don't want anything, just don't die! Just stay with us! You need to see the map I'm gonna draw of the world! Map, that's right Make sure you fulfill your dreams. Live on' eh? Bellemere-san!! These are your daughters, eh? Yeah, that's right. You have to promise to leave these girls alone. You have to promise to leave these girls alone. You have to promise to leave these girls alone. Of course! As long as you die. Help !! Eh they've become bloodthirsty. Don't kill them. Just show them what we're made of. Don't kill them. Just show them what we're made of. You'll set a perfect example. You'll set a perfect example. You'll die for your pathetic love. You'll die for your pathetic love. You'll die for your pathetic love. Nojiko, Nami! I love you. You are helpless, you little fox Let go of me! I'll pay next time with My Body! You made another Boy cry? Coz they made me mad Its Ok, Its just a child's fight They said Bellemeres Orange taste bad! what did you say?! Bellemere? Don't lose to anyone. Girls have to be strong too. It doesn't matter if you're not complimented. Don't hate the era you were born into. And always remember the strength to continue laughing. BELLEMERE-SAN!! During my reign, people who don't have money will die! Do you inferiors understand? What's this? A map? Stop! A map? That's a special map that I drew! Give that back! You drew this? Give it back! Stop it Nami! Give it back! Oh, this is rather good. She could be useful, bring her with us. Yes, capt' Stop! Let go, let go of me! I don't wanna go! Let go of Nami! Let her go! Let go of Nami! Let her go! Wait! You got your money! Wait! You got your money! Wasn't the deal to leave them alone? Yeah, we won't hurt her. We're just gonna ''borrow'' her. Gen-san, help me! Don't you dare hurt those children! Kuroobi. Gen-san! Gen-san! Gen-san!! Gen-san!!! I'll save you, Nami I won't let you go. It's okay! Enough already! You don't have to save me, please just-! Stubborn fool. I'll save you I don't want anyone else to die! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO All the village's ships have been sunk. Our plan of letting Nojiko and Nami go to sea was Naive. The marines won't even bother with us. This island will be taken over. Bellemere knew From her experience as a marine, she knew instinctively what they would do. There was no way anyone could escape this fate. They've taken Nami. What am I supposed to do now? Bellemere-san. We know where Arlong and his gang are! Looks like they're gonna settle down on this island! It's time to decide! Whether we fight to our death, or gamble our lives and wait for the day the government saves us. Knowing that we may die at any moment! Knowing that we may die at any moment! One of these two! The only ones that can stand up to them are those people from the ''Marine Headquarters''. But the Headquarters have their hands full with the Grand Line. Chances of them coming out here to save us are close to zero. But I can't just ignore Nami. Let us fight! Im in too! I can't abandon a child and think of my own survival. We're all a family! Even if we trade blows with them, we're gonna save Na-chan! Bellemere traded her life to save those girls! Bellemere traded her life to save those girls! We'll fight again! Even if only one of us fought, we'd all still get blamed anyway! Yeah! Let's go! Fight! as long as you continue living, lots of good things will come your way Nami! Nami! Na-chan! You're okay! Nami! Nami! Are you hurt? Did they make you cry? Nami ? I'm joining Huh? I'm gonna join Arlong's crew. I'm gonna be a map-drawer and draw maps for them! What are you talking about, Nami? Are you for real? Did they make you do this? That's what happened right? No They threatened you to, right? NO!! They threatened you to, right? Tell the truth! Let go of me Nami! Nami! T-That's Arlong's tattoo! Nami! You ! Look at this! I got all this money! They're gonna buy me whatever I want! Nami! I won't forgive you, I won't! You're becoming a pirate? I'll never forgive you! Do you even know who they are? So what?! If you live properly and die like Bellemere-san did, then I don't wanna live properly! What a thing to say Bellemere-san Bellemere-san was killed for us! That's enough, Nojiko. Listen to me, Nami! Never step foot in this village ever again! Nami! Such a foolish thing to have done Wasn't Bellemere like a mother to her? That wasn't the case. Nami loved Bellemere-san. Hey, didn't Bellemere-san always say ''As long as you continue living, good things will come your way.'' " lots of good things.'' Yes After being captured by Arlong, I saw him sink five marine ships easily. The government probably won't help this island anymore. I realized that I had to act on my own. made a deal with Arlong. I'm going to buy Cocoyashi Village from him. Buy the village ? For 100 million beli. If I buy the town, we'll be free. No one has to die. As long as I join that crew and make maps for them. But 100 million beli. Even if you worked your entire life for it Even if you worked your entire life for it I'll make it! No matter how! Everyone's having a hard enough time just paying the tribute. I have to do this alone. I ask for their help, they'll just get hurt. Won't it be hard? To be with the person who killed Bellemere-san, Won't it be hard? I'm fine. I'll just smile whenever I see his face. I've decided I'll never cry again. I've decided I'm gonna fight on my own! For a 10 year old girl to decide to fight alone and struggle Do you understand how hard it must've been? For a deal that would free the village. That girl Whoever makes Nami san suffer I'm gonna..! Whyone sama..? Because, I'm telling you not to interfere. If you guys keep claiming that you're her partners, the pirates are gonna doubt her loyalty. And all her hard work these eight years will be all for naught! Don't make it any harder than it already is. She is fighting on her own. Knowing there are people who call her a ''friend'' is the most painful thing for her. Stop! Stop it right there! A Pirate Thief!? That's right! I'm gonna make use of this era, where there are plenty of pirates to steal from! I'm gonna get them back! Aren't those cuts all over you? Yeah, I screwed up a little. But look at this, 1 million beli! Who cares about that! We gotta tend to those cuts! Who cares about that! We gotta tend to those cuts! It's nothing, these cuts are nothing! No one will find it here. I'll save up little by little. By the time this fills up, I'll have 100 million beli! By the time this fills up, I'll have 100 million beli! Still a long way to go. It took me a while, but it's only 7 million to go. With my skills now, I can earn that much in just a single trip. Only one more trip and everything will be all over. Everyone in Cocoyashi Village including me We'll be free from Arlong's reign. Then Then I can finally I can finally laugh from the bottom of my heart. Bellemere-san What business do the marines have with Nami? You should remain quiet and escort us. Why does he have a pinwheel on his head? That's TOO cool! One final stealing spree Shall I get on with it? Marines? And why is Gen-san with them? Are you the female thief Nami? you seem to have stashed the stolen treasure in this very orange farm. According to our investigations, you seem to have stashed the stolen treasure in this very orange farm. Well, since you stole from pirates, we have no intention of arresting you. But theft is still theft. Therefore all the treasure that you have stolen will now become government property! Now then hand it all over! Confiscate it!