Foolish pirates You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! You still dare to attack the Going Merry knowing it's led by the great Captain Usopp?! A violent battle ensues! Hey, can't you guys pay some attention to people? pay some attention to people? pay some attention to people? IT'S DONE! Look, it's our pirate flag! After Usopp joined us, we now have 4 people. So we need our own mark. That is our mark? What do you think? Nice isn't it. A pirate's flag is a symbol of death and terror. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. I do feel the terror, but it's the terror of your talent. You should have discussed it with me first. How can you forget this genius painter? Genius painter? I've had 50 years of experience painting on walls. When it comes to painting, no one does it better than me. Incredible, 50 years! That means you are an old man! Maybe he has 5 or 6 grandchildren already. Maybe he has 5 or 6 grandchildren already. That's even more incredible! Hey! Now, take a look at this masterpiece. Now, take a look at this masterpiece. Now, take a look at this masterpiece. Tada! Tada! Tada! Who told you to make your own flag?! Well, I guess it's something like this. Eh, this is pretty good. That's good, I like it. So this is our mark from now on eh. Okay Usopp, paint this on the sail! Okay, it's finished! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Now the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! YOU ARE A SPECIAL ANIMAL! GAIMON AND HIS WONDERFUL FRIENDS I'm exhausted! Is this direction alright? It doesn't look too good. What? Wait. That is it! That's it, there's no doubt about it. That is it! That's it, there's no doubt about it. That is it! That's it, there's no doubt about it. Did you see something? Did you see something? Did you see something? Something interesting? That's the legendary treasure island. That's the legendary treasure island. Legendary Treasure Island? I've heard about it. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. Yes, it's an island famous among pirates. And it has a strange legend. And it has a strange legend. And it has a strange legend. And it has a strange legend. A strange legend? Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Whoever goes close to that island faces God's anger. Could the legend be true? Is this God's anger? This somehow seems interesting! Eh, Luffy don't tell me It's what you're thinking! Let's go, to the treasure island! But this island sure is strange. Is it? It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. It's said that there's unimaginable treasure somewhere on this island. Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before Many pirates have come here before But before any of them could find the treasure, they were scared away. Huh? Scared away? For example, some pirates would just suddenly turn into a boar in the middle of the night. For example, some pirates would just suddenly turn into a boar in the middle of the night. For example, some pirates would just suddenly turn into a boar in the middle of the night. There was one guy whose mustache grew longer and longer There was one guy whose mustache grew longer and longer and finally like a snake it choked him to death. and finally like a snake it choked him to death. and finally like a snake it choked him to death. and finally like a snake it choked him to death. and finally like a snake it choked him to death. and finally like a snake it choked him to death. You're lying right? I'm just telling you the most exaggerated stories though. Don't scare me like that! I'm hungry. I'm going to sleep. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. How can you sleep in such a strange place. Really! What kind of nerves does he have? Really! What kind of nerves does he have? Really! What kind of nerves does he have? Really! What kind of nerves does he have? Really! What kind of nerves does he have? What the hell? Don't scare me! I just wanted to dance a little to lighten up the atmosphere. Stop that Luffy. This this is Get out of here! Who's there? Get out of here! Where is that voice coming from? I am the Guardian God of this island. If you want to save your lives leave this island immediately. Guardian God? Aren't you guys pirates? That's right. I knew you were pirates. Why would a god need to ask that? Listen, if you take one more step into that forest you will have to face God's judgment. Do you really want that? Like I care, why are you asking me this? What the hell is this? This guy is weird. What did you say, straw hat boy? What the hell is this? All humans that come for the treasure this is their form after being transformed by me. That means you really are God? There sure are a lot of strange things here. ls this a lion? lsn't it a pig. Wh what the hell are you? l'm a rubber man. I ate the Devil's fruit. The Devil's fruit? That's impossible! Back when I was a pirate, I'd heard rumors When you were a pirate? N no way, I'm not reminiscing about the past. I don't want to hear about the past. What are you saying? You're the one who's talking. You! Are you really a God? Shut up! If your not leaving, then face God's Judgment! Now you did it, God. Wh why are you still ok? Over there! Don't move! I told you not to move! That's impossible! Hey, God A pistol is useless against him. But I don't like being surprised! Mon monster! There! This is a pistol. Where did he go? What is this? This is God? It's moving! Hurry and help me up! Help me up! He's human. Interesting, is it a bush? Where does he resemble God? Trying to fool us. Shut up! Help me up! Don't get so angry. I'll forgive you today! Wait! Luffy! Hey Luffy! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Right! That'll be fine now. You're pretty popular, God. Untill now you were using them to scare away those who came to the island, right? But this is the first time I've seen a man who lives in a box. Are you a ''boxed son?'' Yeah. Since I was little because I was a precious little master THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE! I can't even get out of this box. I have lived stuck in this box for You've been on this island alone for 20 years? Look at how my hair and beard have grown. Even my eyebrows have joined. And its been 20 years since I've spoken to people. Do you understand my position? Why? Idiot. What do you mean idiot?! What the? You were all over here? You! Even with all the commotion you were able to sleep until now? What's with this guy? Notice sooner He is a human that lives in a box Are you a ''boxed son?'' Yeah. Since I was little because I was the precious little master THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE! Don't tell me such stupidly pointless jokes again Zoro, lend me a hand. Ow! Ow! What are you doing? Stop it! My neck will break! Its true. You can't come out. Don't be reckless! After years inside my body has fit into this treasure box perfectly. If you break the box my body would be done for too. What a chatter-box. But, who are you guys? There's something different compared to the pirates that came previously. I'm Luffy. The man who will become pirate king. Wh-what?? I'm going to become the pirate king and get One Piece. One Piece you say? Your not really planning to go to the Grand Line are you? We even have a map to the Grand Line. Don't underestimate it. That place is the hell's coffin. I have seen pirates that escaped from the Grand Line. They were spiritless like the undead. Whether something horrible happened to them, or whether they met terrible monsters. Not one person was able to say anything. Beyond that, there are so many rumors about One Piece that no one knows the truth anymore. The great pirate era has already lasted 20 years. One Piece is no longer a mere legend but a dream in a dream. And where is the Grand Line? Who knows. Don't you know Bush-ossan? I don't understand maps at all. What the we're the same. Is this how pirates talk amongst themselves? Anyway if we get to the Grand Line, we will get as much as possible and then get away as soon as possible. I'm sure we'll find the One Piece. I have good luck. Where do you get so much confidence from. I'll definitely find it and show you. I give up. You do resemble Your face resembles mine, like a twin. Where is the resemblance? I knew it! That one day our dreams would come true. We were always that way since the beginning. We? In order to find treasure, losing your life doesn't matter. It was that passion that changed my life. Wa Wait, what are you talking about? It was 20 years ago. It was 20 years ago. I landed along with my companions on this island as a pirate. We came to find the treasure that lay on this island. month already. It's all in vain month already. It's all in vain month already. It's all in vain The only thing on this island is this one empty box. Lets go, comrades! Whats up Gaimon? I'm going ahead of you. Okay. Up there Did anybody search there? Though the Captain searched this island for a month I'll check it one last time. I couldn't believe my eyes. I found it. At the top! Hey everyone! That was when I got stuck in the box. When I came to, my companions had already set sail They left me behind! Wait a minute. That means all that treasure is only mine now. I can't climb up like this! Can't get out! I can't get out! Hey! Come back! For all the years since then. That one glance at the treasure hasn't left my mind. So when Pirates come to this island in search of treasure I used these guys and scare them away. In this manner for 20 years I have guarded the treasure. They are mine! There's no doubt about it. They're yours. Gaimon-san, I understand. I'll help you get those treasures. I'll help you get those treasures. I'll help you get those treasures. Really? Could it be You're a thief of pirates aren't you? You! That's rude! Even I get emotionally moved. Here huh? I haven't been here in a long time Finally the time has come! Today's a good day! I'm counting on you, Straw-hat! Okay! GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO ROCKET! ROCKET! ROCKET! Alright! How is it? Do you see it? What is he doing? Luffy? What's happening? I've got it. Five treasure boxes! Go..Got it! Finally I've got the treasure! Treasure! Can you bring them down? My treasure? Hurry! Hurry! No! No! What? I said no. I don't want to give them to you. What nonsense are you saying? Stop joking. Yeah! Those treasures are Gaimon's! Hand them all over! You, stop this nonsense! It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's not okay! That's right! You've guarded that treasure for 20 years. Straw-hat, you're You're really a nice guy! What do you mean? I thought of it before. That maybe Even though its unbearable to think it. There's nothing inside, is there? Yeah. They're all empty. No way the treasures you've guarded for 20 years are only empty boxes Its something that happens often with treasures. Sometimes reach them after the treasures have been taken. So searching for treasure is a trial for pirates. Wasting a life time, sacrificing your own life, only to get nothing at the end. There are many pirates like that. Don't be so sad, ossan! Good thing we got here in the 20th year. If no one came in another 30 years you could have wound up dead. Straw hat Luffy. That guy You just got sidetracked by this. Now all that's left is One Piece. Become a pirate with us once more! You! Are you inviting me? Till now there was no one who would talk to me after seeing my condition. I don't know how long it's been since I've trusted someone. Thank you! Are you really going to stay on this island, ossan? Yeah Straw-hat. Even if there are no treasures, there are other things for me to protect. Things to protect? I have lived with these guys for 20 years through hard times and happy times. I can't just leave them. Knowing there's no treasure I feel free for the first time. From now I'd like to live my life the way I want. In reality I've begun to enjoy living in a box. I see! That's too bad Because Ossan's so interesting! The strange creatures are your true companions huh? Though ossan is the strangest. What did you say?! See you! Take care! Goodbye! Straw-hat! Word hard towards your dreams in my place! If its you, then I'm sure you'll get it. If its you, then I'm sure you'll get it. If its you, then I'm sure you'll get it. The legendary treasure One Piece! Then you should buy the whole world!