A legend was born! Direction:Large Line I WILL BECOME THE LORD OF THE PIRATES!!! A storm approaches Largest that I ever saw! Afflicted. I died! He, I am alive! It is O.K. ! Did it know that it was going to be saved? It would be said that the Sky itself makes a point of preserving the life of this young man Dispatch we to leave from here! Let us go to Grand Line! Yahoo! The wish that I transmitted. Destiny of Time and the dream of the Men. These are things that it is impossible to stop. As a long time as these Men will pursue the Key of Freedom, nothing will be able to prevent some! Pirate? That is appropriate to me But about which kind of storm is it? If one does not accelerate, one will not be able to leave this island any more. Nami-San did not joke while saying to us to return as quickly as possible to the ship! Run! Run! Run! Technique mortal: Afflicted That is not used for nothing to attack me. There is no man in this able world of touching my sublime skin. I dreamed of a field of flowers Buggy captain, you are still in life! As if I could die Buggy, attention, they are soldiers of general headquarter of the Navy. The Navy does not arrive to us at ankle Buggy confuses with will haikara = eccentric Who said that my nose was eccentric? But I did not say anything of the whole! What does one make? Continue the elastic kid! Moji and Ritchie already had to reduce all boats in ashes. They cannot leave the island any more! Let us stop good once for all and let us let us go, companions! Engine! Yes, Captain! Spark-ignition engine, lit! Install Gelaende! Slope for German ski jump Yes, Alvida-Neesan! Do not let these pirates escape! It is what this smoke? What is it? Smoker! He, waste. I do not have time to play with you! Incredible It is the capacity of the Fruit Moku Moku. It caught all the band of Buggy of only one blow! Fire! Captain, we all are prisoners! Dirtiness of Smoker! Does the metal net have something of special or what? They left it thanks to their odd guns! It is a special net invented by the Navy for to neutralize the capacities of the Fruits of the Demon. Shit. Seek my Billower Bike! I will leave to research Straw hat. Yes! It is heavy! The Vogue-Merry is in danger! It is possible that the Navy already found it. We must hurry! More quickly! Nami! Nami! Can I of débarasser, please? Of course that not! I can about it more! Shit! Why it rains suddenly? How will I make to burn the ship? Shit! Afflicted Ritchie, I do not manage to make fire. I retente! Patience, Ritchie I will give you to eat afterwards. What do you make? Moji! You here. Attacks, Ritchie! Ultimate fresh egg throw! You Thin, my hands slipped because of the rain! Ritchie! Salt degenerated lion! Now, one goes up on board! Do not move any more! I will deal with you! Being the right-hand man of the Buggy captain, me, Moji-Sama, I will not let to you pose a foot on your ship! Gunners in position! Navy? Thin Out of cheek! Fire! Carry a message to the gunners: say to them to aim this pirate vessel! Yes! Nami! By where to join the ocean? It rains too much, I do not even manage to see where one goes! Here they are! Thin You do not want to stop you for of débarasser? Not, there are not time Who is this Lady? Then it was thus you, the pirate Roronoa Zoro. Do you want to take again this katana to me? I I was made have like a idiot! What? What did you make him? You never asked me for my name, if I am not mistaken. I never lied you. The villains of your kind who carry such a sword I will not never forgive them! Your Meitou, Wado Ichimonji, I you will confiscate it! Always test. Species of ill-mannered lout! How can you fight against a Lady? Remain apart from that, please! It is a combat between Roronoa and me! Leave us! You heard it? Leave in front! It left. He, Zoro. If you wound the Lady, you are a dead man! Tashigi sergeant! I will be able to never lose this katana, no matter what it arrives to me. The Tashigi sergeant lost How the Tashigi Sergeant has it Hello. I must from go away. Why not have killed me? Is this because I am a woman? Zoro, you of ace of the chance You are a boy. Even if the force of a woman is lower than that of a man, I find that humiliating that an adversary does not fight seriously against me! I do not think that you include/understand at which point I would have wished to be a man with my birth. I do not declad my katana to play, me! I do not even include/understand why you exist! Listen well! This face resembled exactly that of my friend who died, a long time ago! And moreover, you tell the same sweet talk! Then stops imitating it, species of dirty copier! What? Stop speaking to me like a child! I always was like that! I am unaware of which kind of girl was your friend, but there it is rather me which should regret! Why wouldn't it be it which copies me? What did you say? I manage to see the end of the street! The port is in this direction! He, which it is over there? Te here Luffy with the Straw hat. I already said it to you:if you do not manage to beat me, you will be able to never go to Grand Line. Ah yes, I had forgotten it! Do not play the imbeciles. He, Luffy. Sanji, leave in front. I arrive afterwards. Do not count too on top. It will be your end. Go ahead! Fire! Gunners, fire! If nothing is done, they will succeed in running the Vogue-Merry! You weigh the anchor? Luffy and the others did not return yet! But one must leave! One cannot let our boat be made draw above! Right in front! One will make how for Luffy and the others? It is necessary that they find a solution to join us! Do not let them escape Follow them! Nami-San!! Sanji-Kun! Sanji! Nami-San, I am of return!! Where are Luffy and Zoro? These deux-là is occupied saving their skin for the moment Sanji-Kun! Behind you! Shit! That will thus finish never! I go to his rescue! Return to the port! Impossible The current is too much strong! Good blood!! Usopp! Let make me! Usopp, Sanji-Kun! I will beat you to enter Grand Line, because I am that which will become the Lord of the Pirates! Stop always arising me the same sweet talk! It is what that? I ate the Fruit Moku Moku. All my body can be transformed into smoke at will! What arrives to you? It is already finished? What? He, I have a bad presentiment Thin Included/understood? You will be able to never enter Grand Line like that, how I still said it presently to you! Is your head fixed at 30 million Berrys? It would be said that your chance left I would not say that to your place. You are What does it occur? Who it is? Who it is? Does the government want your head, you know it? The world still awaits our answer. It was what? What did it occur? Luffy! Luffy!! Nami! We must do something if not it and the boat will be made carry by the current. Ouais!! Not Wait It will not do it The guy! This kid From where can it come? And today, a kid appears, he survives the lightning and his execution. I will be that which will become the Lord of the Pirates!! Mets veils! It is the way which you chose Why? Why to have helped this boy, Dragon? Why annoy a man who wishes only to take the sea? Find to me a boat. I go to his continuation I will go to Grand Line. But, Colonel This island is under your jurisdiction! If nobody controls, how to say You do not have to give me orders! Me also, I come! Tashigi sergeant! I cannot forgive what Roronoa Zoro did to me! I will capture it my own hands!! Incredible, how such a storm did it can occur? It is perhaps a sign of the destiny so that one can flee of this island. Where does one go now? In Large Line! Large Line? Yes, here is the occasion This elastic snotty-nosed kid goes over there, isn't this? Line much I missed Grand! It would be said that the boat will fly away! Look at this light! That of the headlight of the island? This light indicates the site of the entry of Large Line! If the light is followed, one arrives at Grand Line? Then But one goes there during a storm like that one? Well. To celebrate this new adventure, I propose to celebrate that! Ouais Yes! No the problem! Let us celebrate! I want to find where Al Blue hides! Me to be the Lord of the Pirates! I want to become the best sword-man of the world! Me, I want to draw a chart of the world! I want I want to become a honest warrior of the seas! It LEFT FOR LARGE LINE! OUAIS!!