The revenge of Buggy! The man who smiles, attached to his execution post! Hat! Wait!! Wait, Strawhat!! Finally here you is, Hat! Here thus what saw it Lord of the Pirates before dying! Lastly, the hour of my revenge sounded. Wait a little, salts Straw hat. It finally left its hole. It spent time of them Wait please, Colonel Smoker! Am me, Tashigi! Yes! He, look on the platform of execution. Who it is, him? Then that occurred 22 years ago Ici-même the Lord of the Pirates died. Hola, you up there! Go down immediately! Why? It is a historic building placed under the responsibility of the World Government! Then go down now! Why you play the spoilsport like that, Officer-San? Go down or I put to you in a state of arrest. Attention I arrive! You will have to await your turn, my old man. I sought you, Luffy. That made a long time. Do not say to me that you forgot my beautiful face. What a beauty! Pretty! A model of perfection. It is like soft a small flower! I never met somebody who resembles you Who are you? I will never forget you. Since you are the first man to have struck me! What? I struck you? At this moment, your powerful super fist disturbed me much My darlings, who is more the beautiful woman of all the seas? It is you, Madam! Exact, it is me! There does not exist any man in the world which would not put at knee in front of my beauty, and I love the strong men. I want that you would be with me, Luffy. Keep silent yourself! Not question! Be to you which finally? You still did not guess? It is the police force! Madam, follow us nicely! I put to you in a state of arrest for violence towards a police officer! And, immediately kill you from there!! Ah? And which thus want you to stop? You My darlings, I wonder whether you of it will be able Inspector, it is difficult. It is too much beautiful! One of fout of his beauty! Capture it! It is like a splendid dream! I am content that the same opinion is divided! The special bomb Buggy! What? The fountain slipped along its skin! What did it occur at the moment? It a little dangerous, was not cherished? Afflicted. But with your skin sube sube, you will leave yourself there always without any damage, not true? Sube Sube means very smooth and soft Then does not worry you my dear Lady Aluvida! Aluvida? It is where Aluvida? I am, idiotic there. It is a joke? You resemble to him at all! After having eaten a Fruit of the Demon, I changed a little. The name of this Fruit is Sube Sube. Whatever the type of attack used, I will not even have a scratch on my skin. I remain always as beautiful as before. What only changed into me: it is the disappearance of my freckles. Not, it is not at all what I wanted to say I live again now. And to find you, I had to combine to me with this gentleman behind me. The final act! My great return! Monkey D. Luffy, since the day where you sent valser to me, I never ceased thinking of my revenge! Moreover, me and my comrades let us have had to pass by enormous sufferings. It was really an great adventure! I knew venture funny, infernal and sometimes close friends of Minis-Buggy. But now, Buggy-kun is But why you do not speak? What? Euh it is what its name: Boggy Not, Bouggy or Beuhii? Ah yes! It is Bouffon! Luffy pronounces English Buffoon Buffoon? Te insane step of me! Be as weak for you as the last time, cretin of Straw hat! It is Buggy the Clown! Pirates? It is the crew of pirates of Buggy! You all! Do not move any more! Or if not I will show you with all at which point I am terrible Ah! It is Buggy! Is that only now that you remember it? What? That made a long time, man-rubber band. Is Roronoa Zoro well? Well. Good job, Kabaji. Look at, inhabitants of this big city, a public execution soon will take place! Monkey D. Luffy, this time, you will not be able any more to draw you like that. You will die exactly in the same place that the Lord of the Pirates formerly. The pressure of the air is falling. I never saw a fall of similar pressure It is true, I find the wind odd. A storm will fall down on this island! A storm? One must return as quickly as possible to the boat It will be so powerful that? He! Zoro! You saw it in the corner? Who, Luffy? Yes, I lost it. In more I have a very bad presentiment. It would be said that something from important will occur. Pirates! The pirates are there. Let us flee! It is Buggy the Clown! What do they say? Buggy the Clown! What? You say that Or Yes! With Luffy with the Straw hat, there is also Buggy the Clown and Aluvida with the Steel Mass. They are all the three of the pirates of East Blue having eaten Fruits of the Demon. Very right under my nose which imbeciles What will you make, Colonel Smoker? Send a first unit to the port and order at the second to encircle the public place and the remainder comes with me Execution! The mission of the first unit is: to find and destroy all the ships of the pirates as well as the pirates them-even. Do not leave in any manner only one of these dogs to leave the island. An execution! There will be an execution! Buggy the Clown will carry out Luffy with the Straw hat! Will Luffy be carried out? This imbecile! Allons-y! Hold, catches! Sanji! Take care as if it were a woman! We also, one must hurry. He Does Nami, one go where? With the port, obviously! With the port? Ah, I see Colonel Smoker, throw a glance! There is something of strange. Hein? The kid? What do they make? Monkey D. Luffy. It is not true, it would be said that it will be carried out. How did it arrive from there there? I must see it, the place where the Lord of the Pirates died! I believed that it was different from the pirates that I knew, and that it had absolutely to be supervised. But it is right a pirate like the others. Does colonel, one start to attack? Imbecile, y' would have more brothel. But to remain nothing here to make It is me which gives the orders here! Yes! The pirates who entretuent themselves, that arranges us. One does not need to make the dirty job. Listen. Once the head of Straw hat will fly in the airs, you encircle Buggy, Aluvida and the remainder of the crew! Questions? Pirate Monkey D. Luffy, to have me as much irritated and to be to you foutu of me, you will be carried out from one moment to another! Oh, it is the first time that I see an execution! It is your execution! Hein? You insane of me? It is you who you insane of me! Our principal event of the day: the execution soon will start! Leave me! Leave me! Come to my help! With the assistance!! Nooon! I saw in the east of large cumulonimbi which were formed! The storm arrives! The largest storm ever seen before! If Buggy and Luffy start to fight, the Navy certainly will be shown! One will do what if they make run the boat whereas one needs some to flee? I include/understand. It is serious! Moreover, it may be that the Navy that is to say already on the spot. The Vogue-Merry is in danger. If the Navy seizes the Vogue-Merry He Nami, I pass in front! Await me! We dispatch outward journey with the port! You must destroy all them pirate boats which you will see! Yes! That which assembles Ritchie! But which it is? But which? But which? It is me! Is it the boat of the man-rubber band that? It is much larger than the precedent. But good, at this hour it already had to taste with the revenge on the Buggy Captain! However, even if this man-rubber band has a chance on 10.000 to flee, I must burn this vessel! And that, it is our job! I am sorry. I will not do it any more. Save to me please. I nevertheless will not save you, cretin! It is the price to pay to have made us your enemies. And it is the end of the man whom I had finally more sought in the world. Which are your last words? There are many people here. Well, it would be said that you do not have anything to say. You are about to die after all. I WILL BECOME THE LORD OF THE PIRATES!!! I will become the Lord of the Pirates What? The Lord of the Pirates? In this city, on this platform Why he said that? It is high time to finish some, not truth? Dirtiness of man-rubber band! This execution is cancelled!! Zoro! Sanji! Zoro? You really know how to put the disorder in a city, Luffy! If it is the beginning of the reversal of situation, I believe well that I will take part in it too. In any case, before it will be necessary to get rid of these small pirates The Hunter of Pirates Zoro! Sanji! Zoro! Be to you finally there, Zoro? But it is a little bit too late! The platform! Let us destroy it! Roronoa Zoro. Go ahead, my darlings! Of course that one goes there! Aluvida Born-San Out of my way! It is too late, you will not be able to stop me! It is the end of your Captain! What a jerk! If I could just cut the support of the platform Remember, as soon as the head of Monkey D. Luffy fly in the airs, one attacks in force. All in position. Yes! Zoro! Sanji! Usopp! We dispatch! Nami! It is heavy! Afflicted. I died! Do not speak about misfortune, imbecile! He smiles! He, I am alive! It is O.K. ! Do He, you believe in a God? - What it was high! Do He, you believe in a God? - It is not the moment to speak about it, I thought that I was going to remain there. let us leave this city. It would be said that there is no more danger from now on. Now! Encircle all the pirates! They arrive! Super! He, what a gigantic combat! Excel! Excel! He, Luffy! Oh, Zoro! Idiot, one will not remain here to look at them fighting. One from goes away! All for the boat, it is necessary to leave the island if not one will not be able to go any more to Grand Line What? One must hurry then! Straw hat and its companions flee! Stop them! Continue them! Why? Did it know that it was going to be saved? Not. At this time, it had understood that its life was going to finish. Its death, it had accepted it. It was ready and it smiled. Colonel, in connection with the capture of the pirates He, you You already saw a pirate to laugh right before its execution? Never considering that of my life Even largest mouths were frightened during their execution. He smiled, this man with the straw hat. during its execution, the Lord of the Pirates Gold Roger smiled in the same way. Colonel Where is Straw hat? Yes! He flees in this moment towards the port. Report/ratio of the first unit? They already had to destroy all the ships at this hour. Euh Because of this so sudden rain, the powder is soaked. They go into reverse to be restocked. What you ace known as? If, our troops of reserve are ready at your disposal. Colonel Smoker, if these people manage to put the veils, they will be able to then move towards Grand Line! The wind blows towards the west. They have an ideal wind to leave Is that all only sheer coincidence? It would be said that the Sky itself makes a point of preserving the life of this man Dispatch we to leave from here! Let us go to Grand Line! Me Smoker the White Hunter, I swear in so much that Colonel of the HQ of the Navy that this man will never leave this island! The wind blows Here the storm of the destiny!