Those are cannon balls, aren't they? Those are cannon balls, aren't they? I missed. What are you guys doing? What are you guys doing? What are you guys doing? Cannon practice! Cannon practice! Amazing! You hit it with one shot! Amazing! You hit it with one shot! Amazing! You hit it with one shot! Of course, when it comes to aiming, I know everything, Don't you think? Of course, when it comes to aiming, I know everything, Don't you think? Of course, when it comes to aiming, I know everything. Don t you think? Then you're the shooter from now on. Then you're the shooter from now on. Then you're the shooter from now on. Then you're the shooter from now on. Then you're the shooter from now on. Come on out you pirates!! Come on out you pirates!! Come on out you pirates!! Come on out you pirates!! Come on out you pirates!! Come on out you pirates!! Come on out you pirates!! That voice That voice What? What?! Who the hell are you? How dare you, a no name pirate, try to kill my partner?! How dare you, a no name pirate, try to kill my partner?! How dare you, a no name pirate, try to kill my partner?! How dare you, a no name pirate, try to kill my partner?! I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. But don't damage our shipl But don't damage our shipl But don't damage our ship! But don't damage our ship! But don't damage our ship! Is he Is he stronger than I? THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT THE FAMOUS COOK! SANJI OF THE FLOATING RESTAURANT Hey Where are you taking me today? To the greatest restaurant in the world. Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? Don't tell me, it's in the middle of the ocean? A toast, to your beauty. A toast, to your beauty. A toast, to your beauty. Well, just look forward to it. Hey, aren't you Johnny?! Hey, aren't you Johnny?! Zo Zoro-aniki! You're on a pirate ship, Aniki? W-Why? What's wrong? Isn't Yosaku with you? What? Those two know each other? What's going on? Y-Yosaku is He's i'll? Yosaku is He was perfectly fine until a while ago Then he grew pale and started to lose consciousness I have no clue why. I have no clue why. I have no clue why. Lately, his teeth started falling out And his old wounds have started to bleed again I just don't know what to do anymore! So I took him to that rocky island, to let him rest, but Then your ship attacked us! Then your ship attacked us! I-I'm sorry! If all problems could be solved with an apology, we wouldn't need the police. Isn't that right? Partner! Aniki, is he going to die? Are you stupid? Are you stupid? What? What are you..? What're you doing to my buddy here? I'll kill you! Luffy! Usopp! There are some limes in the storage, aren't there? Are you listening? Are you listening? Bring 'em to me, right now! Bring 'em to me, right now! Aye, aye! Aye, aye! Get out of my way! Get out of my way! You get out of my way! Hey, you're the one in my way! You get out of my way! Hey, you're the one in my way! He's got scurvy. Scurvy? We've got him in time, he should recover in a few days. A-are you sure, Ane-san?! I'm really grateful for Ane-san's Stop spitting all over me, please. In the past, it was an incurable disease that plagued sailors. Come on, drink up But now, it's just a minor problem, caused by the lack of Vitamin C. In the past, ships couldn't carry enough fresh fruit to avoid it. Come on, drink up Come on, drink up He should be fine now. You sure are something! Just like a doctor! I've always known you were a smart woman. I've always known you were a smart woman. Yep, that's right. You should of at least known what this was! You should of at least known what this was! You should of at least known what this was! You should of at least known what this was! You should of at least known what this was! It could happen to you sooner or later you know! It could happen to you sooner or later you know! It could happen to you sooner or later you know! It could happen to you sooner or later you know! It's working! He's recovering! Welcome back, partner! Welcome back, partner! Welcome back, partner! Welcome back, partner! Welcome back, partner! Welcome back, partner! You don't recover that quickly!! You don't recover that quickly!! You don't recover that quickly!! You don't recover that quickly!! You don't recover that quickly!! You don't recover that quickly!! Pardon us for not introducing ourselves Pardon us for not introducing ourselves Pardon us for not introducing ourselves Pardon us for not introducing ourselves My name's Johnny. And I'm Yosaku. We are the pirate hunters! Zoro-aniki used to be one of us too. It's a pleasure to meet all of you. I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! I never expected to see you guys here! But, I'm even more surprised. The pirate hunter Zoro has become a pirate himself. I guess. Aniki! Hey, partner?! Let this be a lesson for us. Yeah. These kind of things can happen on a long trip. Especially since we don't have much room for food on this ship. Speaking of which, we should get somebody who'd know about this dietary business. Dietary, eh I've got it! We need a sea cook! Let's go look for a sea cook! I get it! Then, we'd have all sorts of delicious food to eat! EX-ACT-LY! If you're looking for such a cook, I know where you could go. Yeah, that's the spirit! So, where would that be? But, it's pretty close to the Grand Line, and the man that Aniki's been hunting for, Hawk-Eye is around there too. Its direction is North-northeast! Our destination is The Floating Restaurant Baratie! Watcha guys think, guys? Oh, that's a humungous fish! Isn't it amazing? It really is! Amazing!!! W-What?! Way out here?! A marine ship?! It didn't come all this way just to attack us, did it? I smell trouble. Just out of the blue? I've never seen your pirate mark before. Oh no! We aren't the pirates, you know! I'm the Marine Lieutenant, Iron Fist Fullbody! Hey, who's your captain? Show yourself! I am, Luffy! I am, Usopp! Our pirate mark was just made yesterday! I was the one who made the pirate mark! What's wrong with you people? I've seen those two before though. You claim to be pirate hunters, don't you? W-what? It looks like you finally caught yourselves some. We are This is too good. Hey, let's go now. Sure. I'll show you just what it is we pirate hunters do! Now, let's head to the restaurant. That ship is an eyesore. Sink it! Aye! He simply ignored us! We'll get back at him! What's all this? These are all people with bounties on their heads, Nami Ane-san. It means that if we get 'em, we'd get the money offered on their wanted poster. Don't you think it's good business, Ane-san? This is bad! They're aiming right at us! Leave it to me! GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO PACHINKO! PACHINKO! PACHINKO! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Honor! Are you alright, Chef Zeff? Honor, are you okay?! Huh? What happened? Are our reservations still alright? Chef Zeff, are you really alright? I said I'm fine already! Get back to work this instant! But Honor, you're body You! Don't make me lose my temper! Our only duty is to cook for our guests! Are you trying to ruin our restaurant? We've got him, Honor. Here's the culprit. I-I'm really sorry! Ah! Your leg!! You idiot! This didn't happen just now. What? Oh, it wasn't me? However, I'm still injured! Medical and repair bills are gonna be expensive. I'm not gonna bargain with you on that But I have no money! Heh that's truly unfortunate. If you've got no money, you'll have to work it off then. Ok, I can do that. You'll have to work here for one year. Aye! I'll have to work here for one year. Then I will forgive you. O-one year you say?! By one year, you mean one whoIe year? Luffy's sure taking a while Yeah. How long have we been waiting? Feels like a month already. If he'd just change his personality, this sort of thing wouldn't happen. He's too honest for his own good. Look! Isn't that guy over there Lieutenant Fullbody? He's a lieutenant of the marines. Oh, he's so handsome and noble! You're amazing. Everyone's looking at you. Not true, they're all admiring your beauty. This is exquisite! T-This taste This fragrance It's the fragrance of Mitqueo City, in the north. A bit sour, and a bit spicy. This wine is Wurzburger Stein! Right, waiter? Sorry, but it's not Sir. Your soup's getting cold. Please enjoy it while it's still hot. By the way, I'm the Assistant Head Chef, Sanji. All the waiters ran away after what happened yesterday. Don't laugh at him! But the look on his face! But the look on his face! But the look on his face! Discouraged..? 'Coz of the wine? A little My tongue's a bit numb today Hey, what the hell's going on here? Hey, what the hell's going on here? I told the waiter the specific wine to be served! I told the waiter the specific wine to be served! What is that? One week, please! What did you say? Two weeks! Hey now, you ruined the restaurant, and injured the head chef! Do you think you can make up for that in just two weeks? Then it's decided, three weeks! Hell no! NO WAY!!! I won't! I've waited 10 years to make myself a pirate. I've waited 10 years to make myself a pirate. I can't afford to stay here for one year! Yosh! I've made up my mind! I'll work one week for your forgiveness, that's my final decision. Are you really in that much of a hurry? Are you really in that much of a hurry? Then allow me to offer you an alternative solution. Then allow me to offer you an alternative solution. Then allow me to offer you an alternative solution. Then allow me to offer you an alternative solution. Then allow me to offer you an alternative solution. Then allow me to offer you an alternative solution. Instead of a year, you can give me your leg. Instead of a year, you can give me your leg. Instead of a year, you can give me your leg. No way! How unfortunate. How unfortunate. How unfortunate. How unfortunate. How unfortunate. How unfortunate. Waiter! Didn't I tell you that I'm not a waiter? But you've certainly got good taste when it comes to your company. How about it, Miss? Would you care to ditch this guy and have some wine with me? Hey! Does this restaurant serve bug soup to its customers? Bugs? Then what is this bug in my soup?! That should do the trick. I'm very sorry, Sir. But, I don't know either! I'm not much of an expert on bugs. Don't mock me! Don't mock me! If you'd just pick the bug out, it would've been edible. I spent three full days and nights making this soup. Should you have such an arrogant tone towards your customers? Should you have such an arrogant tone towards your customers? Should you have such an arrogant tone towards your customers? Should you have such an arrogant tone towards your customers? Should you have such an arrogant tone towards your customers? I'm the customer! A customer who paid you money! Stop it, Fullbody-san! Shut up! F-Fullbody-san?! Can money fill your stomach? What? I said Can money fill your stomach!? No! No! NO! Still refusing? Do you think I'd change my mind if you keep on saying that? No! How unfortunate F-Fullbody-san! Sanji! Assistant Head Chef! Is this a fight or something? Don't go ruining our food. Don't go ruining our food. Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, Messing with a cook of the sea, is a good way to get yourself killed Remember that well.