THE WITCH OF COCOYASHI VILLAGE! ARLONG'S FEMALE OFFICER THE WITCH OF COCOYASHI VILLAGE! ARLONG'S FEMALE OFFICER What's he trying to say? Let go of my hand. I'm saying that it's mine! What?! Who decided that? It's on my own plate, it's gotta be mine! Oh really? Okay I wanted to save it for last! Sorry, I'll give it back to you then. No way! That's no longer edible! I'm not some kind of dog! Pipe down a sec. Something's beneath us It's huge What's that? Monster!! A cow! It's humungous! A cow? Swimming? It's more likely a hippo. But, why is that thing here in East Blue? This kind of creature should only be at the Grand Line! Eh? What's it up to? He's eyeing our food! Please hurry and give it up to him! Before he turns the ship over! GOMU GOMU NO PISTOL! GOMU GOMU NO PISTOL! GOMU GOMU NO PISTOL! Don't touch my food! You did it! You're great, Luffy-aniki! Ah! He's gone berserk now! You want another? Idiot! Don't beat up hungry mortals! Maybe he can't find anything to eat 'coz of an injury or something. Isn't that so? What compassion! Go ahead. Feel free to have it. Go to hell! What are you doing? Where's the love!? That thing was gonna feed on me as well. Here it comes! He's gonna turn over our ship! Why you..! Hold on. Let me take care of this. COLLIER SHOOT! A hippo alright. Now! Let's continue with our meal! That was a nice workout. These guys are crazy Ah? Where am I? This is my home. Eh? Awake now? You're the..! I'm Nojiko. I plant oranges here. I remember! You're the one who hit me, right? You're the one who hit me, right? You're the one who hit me, right? And to think that I was kind enough to try and rescue you! I was the one who did the rescuing. If you were to fight that merman in your condition, you would've gotten killed. Outsiders don't know anything about what's going on around here. You're a kid of Gosa, the neighbor town, aren't you? You should know well enough that you'd get killed if you fought them. More than well enough I know! I know, but They were the ones who killed my dad! They robbed everything, destroyed the village, and killed many of its people! I'll never forgive them! No matter what happens, I'll never forgive them! So, I headed for Arlong Park, but some woman of the gang blocked me off! but some woman of the gang blocked me off! but some woman of the gang blocked me off! She's like some sort of witch! like some sort of witch! It was mortifying! I'll have my revenge for my dad, even if it means death! Then go drop dead Getting yourself killed would make it a 'great' revenge. But at least keep this in mind, thanks to me and the witch at Arlong Park, your life has been spared twice. Drink your tea and leave. Hey! Don't you think that's too harsh for the kid? Kid or not, if he really wants to die, why not just let him? He doesn't have enough will to live in these harsh times! What are you trying to say? I always look to the future. I know of a child who chose to live. Who lives a lifestyle that is more painful than death. That's why I hate people who simply want to go off and die like this kid here! What What should I do? I'll try my best to hold it in. But, what should I do? Your mother? Your mother? She's alive. She must be worried. Go back to your mom. Okay. You're a real nice gal even though you got tattoos. Stereotype. Speaking of which, I still don't know who you are. Oh yeah, of course Oh yeah, of course My name's Captain Usopp. I'm looking for a girl called Nami. Nami? you know her? What?! Nami's an officer of that gang? Nami's an officer of that gang? Nami's an officer of that gang? Nami's an officer of that gang? Nami's an officer of that gang? Yeah, everyone knows. That kid was talking about her too. The witch-like woman. Here's another surprise This is the pIace where that witch was raised. Me and Nami are foster sisters. This is Nami's home? Both Nami and I were orphans. We grew up here. Though our mother who raised us has died, the three of us used to live happily, here in Cocoyashi Village You mean to tell me that she betrayed her mom and friends to join Arlong's gang? Yeah, that's about right. Isn't she just the witch? Damn, now I get it She's been deceiving us from the start! She was just after our money! She even joined in the battle to defend my village. She even laughed as if she was enjoying herself on the ship! Enjoying herself her? We came here to get her back, but apparently it's not necessary Now that I think about it A mate of mine has been unfortunately caught by those mermen. Shit I wonder how he's doing now..? See? You're following me now? From the beginning, I've only been using you. You guys aren't too shabby at fighting. You were a real useful bunch. You were blindly deceived, weren't you? She can even forget her mother's death for the sake of money. This woman's a cold-blooded witch. You shouldn't have underestimated her. I get the picture now I never did trust her from the beginning. I wouldn't be surprised if she was a murderer even. If you understand, just get lost already! You're an eyesore! Why? Why did he jump in the pool all a sudden? Did anyone say a bad joke? Nope, it's not like he slipped in because of one. Then, he must be trying to escape! No way. His arms and legs are all tied up. How can he swim? I bet it's suicide. Forget him. CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Never imagined that he'd commit suicide. He looked too good to just give up that easily. Should we teach him on how to value life? That idiot! She's got him! Hey! What are you doing, Nami? What do you think you're doing? Same to you, what do you think you're doing? You can't even let one person die in front of you Quit the act already. Help me here, idiot! I thought I was a goner there. Stop messing with me! If you get involved with me anymore, you'll die! I wonder about that Wonderful bandage you got there. I can't afford new clothes. This is a substitute. Hey, Nami. What are you planning for him? Lock him up. I'll take care of it. Arlong-san! Arlong-san! What's wrong, bud? Forgive me. There was a long-nosed guy who was with him, but I failed to capture him. That damned Usopp. He got himself discovered? I think he fled into Cocoyashi Village, but Cocoyashi Village? Good timing. I got some errands there. Shall I pay them a visit? Hey! Arlong's coming! What? What's going on? We just paid the tributes. Maybe he's coming to punish me for weapon possession. Everyone, hurry into your homes. Gen-san Here they come! Was it you? The one who has the damned weapon? Yes, I am. I just love admiring my weapons. Is there something wrong with one of your subjects having a weapon collection? Yeah, 'coz it'll be trouble. Weapons only draw in evil and violence. It's a main factor of disturbing the peace. He's huge! That's Arlong? He's no human alright! Well, he is a merman. Right. I've got 20 villages and towns under my control. Rebels are a pain in the butt. As ruler, I destroyed Gosa Village as a warning. The fact that they failed to pay their tributes was an indication of rebellion. What tribute? It's just like he said, it's money offered to them. Every month, we have to spend money to buy our own lives. Whether it be adults or children. If anyone can't afford to pay it, even if there's only one, their village would be wrecked like Gosa's. That town was turned over just because of one person? That's how Arlong does things. They are racists who don't give a care about killing and toying with human lives. Understand? Low-life humans should just think of nothing but ways of offering the money to me. I need lots of funds. The tribute that you offer will be the very foundation of the Arlong Empire which will dominate East Blue! Arlong Empire? Are they planning to dominate the whole of East Blue as a Merman Empire? Leave quickly. Before Arlong gets back. Gen-san! It's rebellious enough by just possessing a weapon. In order to prevent any other rebels from you humans, I shall kill you right here, right now. You gotta be kidding! He only possessed the weapon! Will he kill him just for that? That's so selfish! How can you be so selfish, Arlong?! We've been offering tributes to you for eight years now, without fail! There's no way that we'd even think about rebelling, is there?! Let him go! She's right! He didn't use any weapons! Please don't! Let Gen-san go! I said that possession of a weapon is also a form of rebellion. Or are your thoughts otherwise? Do you want me to dig up this village? If anyone dares to go against us, then don't expect less than the demise of this village. I don't mind whatever you choose. Everyone, go back inside! It'll be futile to fight them now. If we were to resist them with our fists, we would have done so eight years ago! But, we swore to each other, ''Let's fight with patience. For our survival!'' Gen-san But That's so touching nicely said. Of course you can be happy for being alive Even worthless pests like you! Gen-san! Because not all living things were made equal! You bastard! No! Don't fight, no matter what! But, Gen-san! Everything's over if you were to die. Don't abandon the endurance we've gone through! Even if I die Nice speech. Mere humans, behold! This person, who had the notion of rebelling us, will now endure his fate. Let this be a warning! KAYAKUBOSHI! Huh? What happened? Look! Over there! There's someone on the roof! Who the hell are you? I'm the brave warrior of the sea, C-Captain Usopp! I'm the brave warrior of the sea, C-Captain Usopp! It's him! Thousands of people all over the world fear me, calling me King Usopp who emerged from hell! I shall have mercy on you if you escape now! I am here Arlong-san! That's the guy who I failed to capture awhile ago! Thousands of people are nothing to me. I'd clobber every single one of them to death!! He doesn't fear me nor my Kayakuboshi! Just a mere human What is a low-life human like you trying to do to me?! Arlong-san! Hold on a sec! With Gosa also gone, our funds will clearly deplete! It's easy to destroy these human villages, but our aim is domination! Destroy then rebuild. We are the most superior of all creatures! It's our turn now? What about that guy? Damn, I thought I was a goner. He's still alive! Get him! I'll catch him and exterminate him! Forget about that guy! Else you're gonna ruin this place! You better catch him! What does he take us for? We'll be back. Aren't you guys fortunate? Sorry, for troubling all of you. What are you babbling about? It's not your fault. Right! But, who was the lad just now? Everyone! Long time no see Nami! Na-chan! What's the matter? It's rare for you to use the main road. I heard a big noise. It was Arlong, wasn't it? Another 7 million beli more As usual, your reputation's pretty bad. No surprise, I am a pirate after all. But Arlong understands me. Anything can be solved with money. Just a little more to keep my part of the bargain No matter what, I just have to get 100 million beli and I can buy the village! She told me to escape, but the only thing I have to do lies here. I did promise Luffy that I'd get her back, didn't I? Now then, what should I do? Things are getting complicated. Yahoo! We've got speed now! Luffy-aniki! Arlong Park is sighted! Here we come! Arlong Park!