What? Whew, this is heavy. What is that? I found these in the storage room. I found these in the storage room. Aren't those cannonballs? I figured we could practice using our hard earned cannon. Then I'll take care of it. I think I was 3 Traveling half-way around the world, riding on a cannonball Traveling half-way around the world, riding on a cannonball How do you use this. Listen to me! How do you use this. Hey Zoro! Do you know how to use this? He's been sleeping for a while. No fun. If we go a little south, there's a perfect place for practicing. If we go a little south, there's a perfect place for practicing. Really? Let's go, let's go! Hey, can you shoot cannons as well as I can? People called me the cannon master Listen! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! THE PAST OF THE THREE SWORDS! THE PROMISE BETWEEN ZORO AND KUINA! Anyone here? Anyone here!? I am a doujouyaburi. (Doujouyaburi - someone that challenge a dojo and defeats all it's members.) Any strong person come forth! Come and fight me! It's pretty rare to see a doujouyaburi these days. Hmm! Don't underestimate me just because I'm a kid. Hmm! Don't underestimate me just because I'm a kid. I'm undefeated in all of nearby towns. I'm undefeated in all of nearby towns. I'm undefeated in all of nearby towns. I'm undefeated in all of nearby towns. I'm undefeated in all of nearby towns. That's fine. We accept your challenge. We accept your challenge. If I win, I'll take your signboard. If I win, I'll take your signboard. If I win, I'll take your signboard. If you lose? Lose If that happens, lets see I will join this place. That is acceptable. That is acceptable. Then! Kuina! Yes, father. What's the hell? You're not the one fighting? You're not the one fighting? You're not the one fighting? Even though Kuina is a girl, she is stronger than the adults in the dojo. Even though Kuina is a girl, she is stronger than the adults in the dojo. Even though Kuina is a girl, she is stronger than the adults in the dojo. I'm not a father that brags about his daughter. I got it! Then, please come inside. I can use any of these right? As you please. Then, let's begin! Yes, come and try me. Yes, come and try me. Bow to the Gods. Bow to the Gods. Is he stupid? Bow to the opponent. Bow to the opponent. Begin! Da-damn! You have been taught two-sword techniques? I wouldn't know! Today is the first time I ever held a shinai. (Shinai - bamboo sword.) Today is the first time I ever held a shinai. (Shinai - bamboo sword.) The first time ever? Damn! I'm strong, and I'll become stronger! I'm strong, and I'll become stronger! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! How how can I Iose to this girl?!! Why isn't he dodging? Single blow! Stop! This kid is like a boar. Hey, Kuina. A poser like you Is ten years too early to wIeld two swordsl Is ten years too early to wIeld two swordsl What?!!! What? Do you want to go for another round? Shit a loss Is a loss. Shit a loss Is a loss. Good, very straight forward. Good, very straight forward. Then Okay, l'll join this place. Any problems with that? Any problems with that? I don't. I'll Continue, continue, continue to train. Continue, continue, continue to train. Continue, continue, continue to train. Continue, continue, continue to train. Continue, continue, continue to train. And I will beat you! And I will beat youI And I will beat you! Remember that! That'll never happen. (DOJO) Single blow! Stop! Winner, Kuina! Da Damn. You're weak as usual, Zoro. You're weak as usual, Zoro. How can you be so weak as a man. Zoro isn't weak, right? He the strongest among the male students, right? He the strongest among the male students, right? He even wins against adults. However, he's weaker than me. However, he's weaker than me. Even with two katanas, a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. a weak guy is a weak guy. A dog that loses should stay quiet, barking about it only makes it look more pitiful. You've lost again. Zoro, you have gotten a lot stronger. Zoro, you have gotten a lot stronger. Zoro, you have gotten a lot stronger. Zoro, you have gotten a lot stronger. Sensei, you're not giving her special training just because she's your daughter are you? Sensei, you're not giving her special training just because she's your daughter are you? That's not fair! That's not fair! No, I wouldn't do something like that. No, I wouldn't do something like that. No, I wouldn't do something like that. No, I wouldn't do something like that. No, I wouldn't do something like that. It's true that Zoro has gotten stronger. However, Kuina also has gotten stronger. However, Kuina also has gotten stronger. However, Kuina also has gotten stronger. However, Kuina also has gotten stronger. Zoro Zoro? I'm going to wash my face. Damn! Why can't I beat Kuina? Why can't I beat Kuina? Why can't I beat Kuina? Why?! Why?! I'm going to become the strongest man in the world! I'm going to become the strongest man in the world! Why?! Tonight I will duel her once more. It's only been a year since he joined It's only been a year since he joined It's only been a year since he joined Zoro's progress is unbelievable. He practices a lot more than anyone else. The outcome of his training is quite expected However, he still can't defaat Kuina. There's a huge wall blocking a female swordsman's future. Under the current circumstances, I can't let her inherit the dojo. Father! Kuina san! You shouldn't eavesdrop, Kuina. I will become the world's greatest swordsman to show you! Kurina.. a woman will not be able to become the world's best. Zoro What are you doing here? That's what I wanted to ask you. What are you doing here during this time of the night? I came here to request our 2001st battle. For this will be our last duel. Let's end this. Fight me with a real sword! You do have a real sword, right? With me? Fine! Wado Ichimonji CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Two real swords must be heavy. Two real swords must be heavy. It seems like you still lack a bit of stamina. Shut up! This is my 2001st win. Damn! Shit. I can't accept this I'm the one who wants to cry because I can't accept it. Girls when we grow up, we become weaker than men. I'll probably be overtaken by you soon. You always said you'd become the best swordsman in the world. My father told me that it's not possible for a woman. I know I already know about this. But but, I can't accept it! Zoro, it must be nice to be a man. I also want to become the world's greatest swordsman. My chest is starting to grow out. If If I was born a boy.. After beating me, how can you say such weak words! That's despicable! You've been my goal all this time! Zoro Weather you're a man or a woman Weather you're a man or a woman Is that what you're going to say when I beat you one day?! As if it wasn't because of my skills. It makes me, who's been training hard, a complete fool! Don't say things like that! Promise me! One day either you or me will be the greatest swordsman in the world! We will compete to see who does it! Stupid, saying that even though you are weak Stupid, saying that even though you are weak Promise! Amazing Doesn't she seem to be even stronger than before? I must increase my stamina. Until I can wield as many swords as I want If two isn't enough then I'll use three! If two isn't enough then I'll use three! If two isn't enough then I'll use three! What's the matter with you? Kuina is Kuina is dead. She missed her footing on the stairs in the storage room. Storage room? It seems that she went in there to find her katana's whetstone. Why look for such a thing Why look for such a thing Who knows She was still a kid. She was still a kid. You can't understand humans. Who knows what will happen tomorrow? Humans are really fragile beings, Zoro. Kuina was That girl hated to lose. Ever since she was little, she trained in this dojo. Obtaining skills that would even beat adults. Because of that, she became arrogant At that time, Zoro you appeared before us. I sincerely thank you. To be able to beat you, who has become stronger day by day she concentrated on her training even more. She didn't want to lose to a boy like you. Thus she started breaking the obstacles of being a swordswoman I'm just an ordinary father after all. Even now when I look at you I feel a pain in my heart. Sensei That katana please give it to me. Kuina's katana? I will take her share of training and become even stronger! I'll become so strong that my name will reach the heavens! I'll become the strongest swordsman in the world! We promised I I That's fine! Kuina's soul and dreams I leave them to you. It's been eight years since then You'll finally go on your journey. Yes, sensei. To fulfill my promise. Zoro! Take care. I missed. What are you guys doing? We re practicing shooting the cannon. But it's harder than I thought it wouId be. I told you, let me show you how it has to be done. I told you, let me show you how it has to be done. I told you, let me show you how it has to be done. I told you, let me show you how it has to be done. Eh, with our current distance this is about right? Eh, with our current distance this is about right? Eh, with our current distance this is about right? Eh, with our current distance this is about right? Eh, with our current distance this is about right? Fire!! Amazing! You hit it with one shot! It reaIIy hit the target. Of course, when it comes to aiming, I know everything. So you beIieve now? You're the shooter from now on. What? I'm not the captain? I'm the captain! That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. That's okay, I'll let you have that position for now. However, if you do a poor job, I'm gonna replace you. However, if you do a poor job, I'm gonna replace you. That's fine. Before that, I've been thinking. Before that, I've been thinking. Before that, I've been thinking. Before going to the Grand Line, we need to filI one more position. Before going to the Grand Line, we need to fiII one more position. Right, and we have such a nice kitchen! Right, and we have such a nice kitchen! Right, and we have such a nice kitchen! If you pay me, I'll do it. It's an important personnel for any long trip. That's right, it's someone that we must have on a pirate ship! A musician! Are you an idiot? What the hell do you think sailing is?! I thought you were actually saying something constructive for once. But pirates have to sing. Come out you pirates! What what?! Who are you? Shut up! It doesn't matter who I am! How many of them are there? Is there one? Then leave it to him I've killed a countless number of pirates. But a no name pirate like you dares to try kill my partner?! That voice What do you mean, partner? I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. But don't damage our ship! No.. No chance at all. What was that? Hey you! Aren't you Johnny? Who is it? Calling out my name with no respect. Zoro-aniki! So it is Johnny. Why are you here, aniki? Where's Yosaku? You're not together? What, what? You two know each other?