Jango! I will take care of this kid. I will take care of this kid. I will take care of this kid. I'll leave Kaya-ojousama to you. She will write the will as planned She will write the will as planned She will write the will as planned She will write the will as planned Then kill her! Usopp Pirate crew!!! Usopp Pirate crew!!! Usopp Pirate crew!!! Protect Kaya! Luffy! I'll take Usopp and go after the hypnotist. I'll take Usopp and go after the hypnotist. I'll take Usopp and go after the hypnotist. Any problems? Any problems? Nope! Get goin'! What? That's Captain Kuro! Captain Kuro! Banzai! Captain Kuro! Banzai! Captain Kuro! Captain Kuro! Kuro of many tricks! Kuro of many tricks! That name Don't call me by that! For this is my plan to completely be rid of the name, ''Captain Kuro''! I had enough The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! The days when I had to plan everything for you guys, whom only knew how to make a ruckus! Enough of those government dogs who kept chasing me for the reward! Wha what?! You can't take it anymore, you say?! You can't take it anymore, you say?! You can't take it anymore, you say?! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you're so afraid of the fame on the sea, then you're not qualified to be a pirate! If you wanna compare ambitions Mine is much greater!!! Mine is much greater!!! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! PROTECT KAYA! USOPP PIRATE GANG TAKES ACTION! Is that hypnotist still behind us? Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. Nope, don't see Him. We'll definitely lose him! It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. It's just not possible to catch us in this forest. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. Don't worry, Kaya-san. We'll protect you! Right, we swear it in the name of the Usopp Pirate crew! Thank you. Not here Where are you, little weasels?! Don't be so sure that you can get away from me! Don't be so sure that you can get away from me! Don't be so sure that you can get away from me! Don't be so sure that you can get away from me! In that case, maybe I should just clear out the entire forest. In that case, maybe I should just clear out the entire forest. In that case, maybe I should just clear out the entire forest. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He seems to be very angry. He's not just a hypnotist. Where did they run off to? This way! Where did you go? You little brats! Hey! East, go east! Hey! East, go east! Hey! East, go east! Hey! East, go east! I said east, didn't you hear me?! I said east, didn't you hear me?! I said east, didn't you hear me?! How should I know! Just say left or right! Then, go the other way, to the left! Then, go the other way, to the left! The other way?! Kaya-san! Sorry, you guys should go ahead and escape without me. What're you talking about? Our mission is to protect you, Kaya-san! Oh no! She's burning up! Hang in there Kaya-san. We need a doctor, a doctor! Idiot! This is no time for a doctor. We're about to get kilIed! But, we can no longer run. Still Where are you, little brats?! Thank you. I'm happy that you guys are watching over me. I'll keep that spirit in my heart Now, you three should escape. Where are you running to? Where are you running to? No use in escaping now! Come out!!! If we leave Kaya-san and run, we'll surely make it. Definitely. Captain always said, ''If you find yourselves losing, then turn tail as fast as you can!'' Captain always said, ''If you find yourselves losing, then turn tail as fast as you can!'' Damn kids, where are you!? Damn kids, where are you!? Damn kids, where are you!? Damn kids, where are you!? Damn kids, where are you!? Damn kids, where are you!? Damn kids, where are you!? But, Captain's just a liar! He's fighting hard himself. Disregarding his own life, trying to protect us! Disregarding his own life, trying to protect us! Disregarding his own life, trying to protect us! We can't let Kaya-san die! In that case, we're gonna go all out! Usopp Pirate crew! Yosh! Let's fight to the death! Let's fight to the death! No, don't! You guys are still kids. You guys can't die just because of me! ''We're not going out to die, we're fighting to live!'' That's what Captain always said. Brats. That bastard Captain Kuro's cat claws Only five left, eh? Those weird swords of yours. It's alright, he can still fight! Right, he's still got his other hand. Slaughter that guy, Captain Kuro! Hey, ain't that name taboo? I'm sure that he's known as Kuraha-something around here Then, we'll let's just call him ''Kura-san''. Kura-san, kill him!!! Kura-san, kill him!!! Kura san kill him! Kura-san! You fools SHUT THE HELL UP! I will exterminate all of you later Of course, Jango as well! Why do you wanna kill us? Don't kid us around like that, Captain Kuro. If we were to attack the village now, it still shouldn't be too late. Besides, as long as Captain Jango gets that girl to write the will, the plan will be complete! You don't need to worry about the plan anymore. As long as your bodies are here, I can prove my innocence. I never planned to have you guys leave this village in the first place. It would've been troublesome. I don't want anyone to find me still alive and kickin'. No way! So, you've already had plans to kill us all? That's right. I planned it way back when I was still Captain Kuro, three years ago. Everything Everything was planned! Are you all morons? What a dumb pirate crew ''Dumb'', you say? A pirate crew is merely a bunch of dogs which aren't fit to live in a civilized society. Without a plan laid out for them, what can they do? It's always been my plans that they follow. Shipmates are just pawns at a captain's disposal. Whether they live or die, it's all up to me! No matter how big the obstacle is, my plan must proceed. They are supposed to die to fulfill my plans. This is the fate of pirates! Don't you dare lecture me, boy!! Even if a captain like you had tens of thousands of men You can never win against Usopp! What'd you say? I can't compare to that make-believe captain? That's right. That's really funny. Don't think too highly of yourself just because you took care of one of my hands. Where can he surpass me? Tell me! Composure. What? You don't know the real meaning of being a pirate!!! That bastard He can actually keep up with the speed of the Stealth foot?! You dare insult me. If you really wanna know what a real pirate is like, then let me show you right now. How terrifying.. How terrifying a pirate is when he's been to helI and back countless times! Hey, that pose could it be? He's going to use that? He's got only one enemy. But no doubt about it! It's Shakushi! He's going to do the Shakushi! We shouldn't just be standing around here. We're within range too! Is he going to kill us too?! Didn't he say that earlier?! Please stop, Captain Kuro! Don't do it! We'll do anything you want! Please, Captain Kuro!! What's going on? Isn't he just swaying back and forth? Captain Kuro! Captain!! Please stop! Captain!! Please stop! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Please stop! Captain Kuro!! SHAKUSHI! Cheap. I thought they'd have more treasures than this. Now then, it should be over right about now. What? Nobody's moving. Is it over already? He's here! Ho how did he get killed? Another! This time it's the rock. Please stop this, Captain Kuro!! No use! This is a blind attack using his Stealth foot. This is a blind attack using his SteaIth foot. He's moving so fast that he can't even telI who he's killing. In the past, he killed countless numbers of our own men with that move..! Hey! Wh what's going on? Why's everyone getting killed, so suddenly? Reveal yourself caretaker! What do you take your men for?!! Luffy Found ya. You bastard You should've just stood still and let me finish them. Look! Because of you, all my beloved men are half dead. It would've been more humane to kill them off. What now? You look like you've got something to say I will never become A man like you. It's not that you won't You can't. Not with that talent. Furthermore You're gonna die right here. You're going to feel the agony of being cut into pieces and then die. I'll treat you with special care I won't hold anything back when I work on you. Don't think so! SHAKUSHI! Come out, you little brats! I know you're hiding around here! Just give it up! We give up! You can have Kaya-san. Come here and we'll take you to Kaya-san. I won't fall for that. There's no way I'd believe words from little brats. He fell for it!! Now! Take that, Pepper Attack! I knew it it was was a trap. Here you go!! Die, you hypnotist! Don't get cocky. Damn, we failed? You didn't take me seriously. I am a pirate after all. Tamanegi!! You guys went overboard posing as pirates. Where are you hiding, Ojousan? I'll kill these three first. You can all contemplate on how stupid it was to mess with a real pirate, in hell. There you are Don't! Run! Kaya-san! Run!!! Hey! It's their voice! That way! Please stop this. Don't hurt them. I'Il write the will. No, you mustn't! Once you write it, he'll kill you! I'm sorry Stupid, don't negotiate with me. Captain Kuro wants me to kill everybody. That can't If you don't meet my demands, I won't wait for you to kill me! Then there'll be no will! N-No no..! W-wait wait..! Don't do that! I'll be dead meat if you don't write that will! Ka Kaya-san! Fine, I'll let these kids go. However, I doubt that they'll be able to escape anyways. Here. Don't forget to sign! I know Damn! ''I leave all my wealth to my caretaker, Kurahadol.'' Good, this'll do. This saves me the trouble of hypnotizing you. You promised not to kiIl them, right? Don't worry, I'm a man of my word, despite my appearance. Kaya-san! Found 'em! Found 'em, found 'em, found 'em..! I'm wounded there! Over there!!! Yosh! I'm off! This is the end, you hypnotizing-freak! Shit! He found us! It seems like I have to end this quickly.