He's here! What?! What do you take your men for?!! What do you take your men for?!! What do you take your men for?!! What do you take your men for?!! What do you take your men for?!! What do you take your men for?!! What do you take your men for?!! Found 'em! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! COMPLETELY INFURIATED! KURO VS LUFFY, FINAL BATTLE! You tired? Shakushi has too many useless movements. Don't get cocky. Up 'til now, I was just toying with you. You'll receive special treatment. I'll let you have a taste of what fear is Then I'll slowly work on you. SHAKUSHI! Let's see you run now. Let's see you run now. Shit! Let go you bastard! Shit! Let go you bastard! With this, your three years of detailed planning has come to an end! What'd you say? He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! He's got a hold of Captain Kuro! Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be kilIed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be kilIed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be kilIed. Maybe if he wins, then we won't be killed. Time to die! I won't let that happen! You damn brats! You damn brats! You're too late, waistband guy! You're too late, waistband guy! I don't think so. That's right that branch was in my way. What? Usopp-san. Get him, Rubber man! Crush that Captain Kuro! Crush that Captain Kuro! Let go Let go You guys DON'T CHEER FOR ME!! Take a load of this, you Hypnotist! Usopp-san. Captain! Let go! Let go! Let go! GOMU GOMU NO TRUE SHOT! FIRE STAR! My IRON My plan will IRON HEADBUTT! IRON HEADBUTT! IRON HEADBUTT! Will never fail!!! IRON HEADBUTT! Will never fail!!! It's over. He beat Captain Kuro. The Marines couldn't even do anything about that ''Devious Kuro''. But, he really beat him! Just who on earth are you? Just who on earth are you? Monkey D. Luffy Against a pirate who'd discard his name and run away from the sea There's no way I'd lose to such a guy. A true pirate would never give up his name 'tiI the day he dies. Luffy? I'm sure I haven't heard that name before. Remember my name for the rest of your lives! Remember my name for the rest of your lives! Remember my name for the rest of your lives! Remember my name for the rest of your lives! Remember my name for the rest of your lives! Remember my name for the rest of your lives! For I am the man who'll become the next Pirate King! He Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Get him outta here! Don't dare to come back again! Thanks for the hard work. Even you'd be exhausted after a fight like that, wouldn't you? Hey. What were you so angry about earlier? What were you so angry about earlier? I don't like them. They're plain wrong. Companions aren't meant to be regarded that way. What're you talking about? That's just how it is. Pirates aren't as noble as they are in your dreams. Captain Kuro is a standard example. Captain Kuro is a standard example. I want some meat. Why I oughta Can you keep everything that's happened a secret? Can you keep everything that's happened a secret? Can you keep everything that's happened a secret? Eh?! A secret? Why should we do such a thing? Yeah! We all fought with our Iives to protect the viIlage. Captain, everyone would look at you differently. You'll become our village's hero! Yeah, that's right! Yeah, that's right! Usopp-san, you should clear up all misunderstandings with everyone. Usopp-san, you should clear up all misunderstandings with everyone. What misunderstandings? They'd just think that I'm lying like usual. They'd just think that I'm lying like usual. There's no point in telling them things of the past. That would only create panic. Besides, this one time special situation There shouldn't be anymore pirates that'd wanna attack this secluded village ever again. So Iet's just pretend as if nothing's happened. So let's just pretend as if nothing's happened. Everything was just a hoax to fool everyone. I won't force you No, I'll do it! If it's best for the village! Me two! Me three, I won't say a word! We will never say anything about this ever again! Kaya We will never say anything about this ever again! We will never say anything about this ever again! Will you be tempted? No. It's already morn', I wonder if there's something wrong with Usopp-kun? He was acting weird. Seemed like he was depressed. Mama Isn't that lying oniichan coming today? You littIe Iiar isn't here yet today? Maybe I was too harsh yesterday. I'm sure he'll be back to his old self tomorrow I'm sure of it Thanks. Without you guys, I wouldn't have been able to protect this village. What're you babbling about? If you didn't risk your own life for this, I wouldn't have done anything at all. Same here! All that doesn't matter now. I've got my treasures now. Thanks to this incident, I've finally decided upon something. CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Captain Usopp, what did you want to talk to us about? You guys sure did an excellent job, fighting against that Kuroneko Pirate crew. As your captain, I'm very proud of you! It wasn't that great It's nothing compared to what you did. Kind of embarrassing, really. No, you guys really did good. Even though you were all scared, you still protected Kaya. Five years ago, when you guys were only four, was when the Usopp Pirate crew took its form. This proves to be the greatest and most successful battle ever! Aye! Although somewhat unexpected I think I'll be sailing the seas alone. I want to be a real pirate. I've always wondered, if it's really okay for me to stay here for the rest of my life? After meeting them, I've finally made up my mind. As a man, I must embrace that vast sea! That's why, I must leave this village! There's only one reason! The pirate flag is beckoning me! Captain, you're lying, right? This is just another lie, right? This is all too sudden! Don't you love this village, Captain? What will happen to the Usopp Pirate crew? I want you guys to do something for me. I don't want to tell anyone about this. Please say ''Hi'' to them for me. No way! I don't wanna! Don't leave, Captain! This pIace you guys stilI remember? This is where we first met. Finished! Uso-oniichan. Who are you guys? Why are you being so familiar with me? Because you're famous! Yeah very famous. I see. So everyone's beginning to respect me as Captain Usopp eh So everyone's beginning to respect me as Captain Usopp eh Everyone calls him Usopp the Liar right,? Yosh you guys will become part of the Usopp Pirate crew as of today! Eh?? Eh?! You can't say no! We've been through a lot. Everyone, chargel Everyone, charge! Everyone, charge! It's a chameleon! It's a chameleon! It's a chameleon! Catch it! FLOUR STAR! Amazing, Captain! Of course, I am the brave warrior of the sea after all. Of course, I am the brave warrior of the sea after all. I don't wanna hear you talk about the past! Yeah, I don't want to hear it! Because you're not acting like yourself, Captain. Why are you saying alI this, aIl of a sudden? Why are you saying alI this, all of a sudden? That it's Iike Captain's an idiot Baka! What are your ambitions? I want to run a tavern! I want to be a topnotch carpenter! I want to become a writer. Don't let the fire of your ambitions burn out! You must vow to follow your own path with determination! Starting from today Usopp Pirate crew is Disbanded! Disbanded! (FOOD) We've had our grub. Guess it's time to go. Right. Here you are. Yo, Ojousama. Is it okay for you to be out and about? In the past year, my illness was due to my highly depressed state over my parents death. Usopp-san took so much effort to cheer me up I can't just remain that way anymore. I've caused you a lot of trouble. Thank you very much. I have prepared a little present for everyone. I hope that you would accept it openheartedly. It's done! Gonna bid farewell to this house soon. Yosh. What??! Why won't it come out? Damn it..! A caravel! Is this really for us? Yes, please accept it. Although it is somewhat old-fashioned, I was the one who designed it. Although it is somewhat old-fashioned, I was the one who designed it. Although it is somewhat old-fashioned, I was the one who designed it. Although it is somewhat old-fashioned, I was the one who designed it. Although it is somewhat old-fashioned, I was the one who designed it. Although it is somewhat old-fashioned, I was the one who designed it. The ship's frame and its triple-mast sails are all part of a stern-centered control system. The ship's frame and its triple-mast sails are all part of a stern-centered controI system. The ship's frame and its triple-mast sails are all part of a stern-centered control system. The ship's frame and its triple-mast sails are all part of a stern-centered controI system. The ship's frame and its triple-mast sails are all part of a stern-centered control system. I call it ''Going Merry''! Let me brief you on how to operate it First, how to turn it on and adjust the power Ah! No, no! You only need to tell me how to operate the ship. You only need to tell me how to operate the ship. Sure is a nice ship! The figurehead of the ship is so cool! I've prepared everything that's needed to set sail aboard the ship. Thank you, that's really thankful of you! It's ''really thoughtful'', idiot! Usopp-san! What's he up to? Anyways, let's just stop him. He's heading straight for the ship. T-thanks. So, you really are setting out to the sea, Usopp-san? Yeah, I should Ieave before I change my mind. Yeah, I should leave before I change my mind. Don't try to stop me. I won't stop you. I had a feeling that you would. That's kind of disappointing. Next time when I return to this village, I'll tell you stories that are a lot more outrageous than my previous taIl taIes! I'll be looking forward to it! You guys, take care too! I'll see you again someday. Why? Why You're really slow, aren't you..? I'll be a pirate just like you, so we might meet on the sea one day. What're you talking about? Hurry up and get on. We're already comrades. C-captain I'm the captain!! Don't be stupid, I'm the captain. He left, Captain. But you know what, I'm kinda relieved that he's with those powerful guys. Yeah, that's right. I've never seen anyone as strong as them. There's no helping it I guess, he'd always said that he wanted to be a pirate. If we told the villagers, they would aIl be sad. It was so unexpected. It was so lively and colorful when Captain was around. I have an idea! About what? He's got a good heart, hasn't he? Meri. What is it? It's really hard to lie. Are you talking about Kurahadol? No. So you're implying that you really wanted to stop Usopp-kun from leaving? Ojousama, I've heard many stories from the villagers of his childhood. Soon after Usopp-kun's father left this village, his mother passed away. Pirates are coming!! Pirates are coming!! Pirates are coming!! Pirates are coming!! Dad's pirate ship is here! Dad's pirate shIp is here! Dad's pirate ship is here! Dad's pirate ship is here! Dad's pirate ship is here! Hey Usopp, you mustn't shout! Hey Usopp, you mustn't shout! Hey Usopp, you mustn't shout! Dad's come to take us away! Stop talking nonsense, Usopp. Stop talking nonsense, Usopp. It's not When Mom recovers, he'll take us all out to the sea! Your father won't be coming back. But you know what, I'm still proud to have married your father. There's this legendary medicine that could cure all diseases! Don't be stupid You dream too much. So what if I'm stupid, but I like to dream! So what if I'm stupid, but I like to dream! 'Coz I'm the son of a pirate! Do become a brave man like your father. Pirates are coming!!! I'm not sure if he was just lonely, but he kept yelling even after his mother had Iong passed away. I'm not sure if he was just lonely, but he kept yelling even after his mother had long passed away. He always hoped that one day his father's ship would show up at the coast. And he'd take him out to the sea The villagers believe that his hopes are hidden within his lies. Pirates!!! To him, who had lost both his parents couldn't just sit calmly when you got into the same predicament. From now on, you must become stronger. To repay what he has done for you. To our new ship and new friend! Cheers!!! They told me They don't fight to die, but to live. Within Usopp-san's lies, it's always filled with the joy of life. He's been encouraging me to live. Yes, he has. Here we go! Are we really doing it? Let's do it! We must carry on our captain's spirit! One, two, three Pirates are coming!!! You know what Meri I want to be a doctor! Oh, that's a wonderful goal.