Speaking of anniversaries, tomorrow will certainly be a day to remember. I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! I can't let them get to the village! Head straight north Head straight north Head straight north Head straight north Head straight north Head straight north! Head straight north! Head straight north! Head straight north! Head straight north! Head straight north! Head straight north! Whoever dares to lay a hand on my treasures is Unforgivable! Whoever dares to lay a hand on my treasures is Unforgivable! Whoever dares to lay a hand on my treasures is Unforgivable! Whoever dares to lay a hand on my treasures is Unforgivable! Whoever dares to lay a hand on my treasures is Unforgivable! Damn! I can't get past this I can't get past this I can't get past this I can't get past this You're a hindrance! You're a hindrance! You're a hindrance! You're a hindrance! You're a hindrance! I can't allow you. to go beyond this slope to go beyond this slope Because I'd like to keep lying as I've always done in the past. Because I'd like to keep lying as I've always done in the past. This village will enjoy another day of peace like any other day! That's why I can't allow let you pass! They're late. Those bastards They should clearly understand what'd happen if my plan were to be disrupted. They should clearly understand what'd happen if my plan were to be disrupted. I will kill them all! THE TERRIFYING DUO! NYABAN BROTHER VS ZORO They're finally here You guys are that strong? You guys are way too slow! You guys are way too slow! It's all thanks to you, dragging me down that oil slick! That was an accident. There was nothing I could do about it. Rather than both of us slipping, it's better to have one of us make it through. Then why not you? Then why not you? Go north, don't go north you never even told me which way was north! What?! You're the one who ran off, full of confidence! That happened unconsciously out of whim. The sky's been bright for a while now. The sky's been bright for a while now. The sky's been bright for a while now. The sky's been bright for a while now. The sky's been bright for a while now. The sky's been bright for a while now. Captain Kuro is a very impatient man. Comrades! Don't tell that you're going to allow mere kids to defeat you? Comrades! Don't tell that you're going to alIow mere kids to defeat you? Listen, we don't have the time to fool around here. Listen, we don't have the time to fool around here. Listen, we don't have the time to fool around here. They're strong, so we'll just have to be stronger. They're strong, so we'll just have to be stronger. Now, stare into this ring. With ''One, Two, Jango!'', you'll become strong. With ''One, Two, Jango!'', you'll become strong. Your injuries will heal and you'll become very very very very strong! What's he up to? Hypnosis. Making them believe that they're strong that's just stupid! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! You'll become stronger much stronger! One Two Jango! No way! Th the cliff's totalIy destroyed! What power! What power! They're reaIly hypnotized. They're really hypnotized. They're really hypnotized. That's just one of 'em, and there're so many! That's just one of 'em, and there're so many! Go! Break the necks of anyone that tries to stop us! Break the necks of anyone that tries to stop us! Break the necks of anyone that tries to stop us! Break the necks of anyone that tries to stop us! You two get out of the way! We'lI take it from here! Hey Luffy! Luffy? You're hypnotized too?! You're hypnotized too?! You're hypnotized too?! What a simpleton! GOMU GOMU NO MACHINE GUN!!! Captain Kuro made a big miscalculation. They're not your ordinary brats. Where's he going? What's he doing? What's he doing? Go! Luffy! He's destroying the ship! No! He wants to whack us with it! Hurry up and think of something, Capt'! Crap, this is no time to just watch. With ''One, Two, Jango!'', you will fall asleep. With ''One, Two, Jango!'', you will fall asleep. One Two Jango! What?! That caretaker, Kurahadol, headed for the coast? He looked very scary. Is Kaya-san alright? Yosh! The Usopp Pirate Gang are off! Hey, don't sleep! But it's still sleeping time. This is not the time to sleep! There might be something horrible happening. There might be something horrible happening. I still think that the pirates are going to attack. Although Captain said that he was lying, I don't really think he was. I think so too. Me too. Captain was acting really weird yesterday. Captain was acting really weird yesterday. You don't think..? I remember that Captain always come through this way. No use, it's sealed off. Let's find another way in! Let's find another way in! You! Dare to make fun of me?! Just because pirate's blood flows within me You look down upon me! Please stop, Usopp-san! Kurahadol Kurahadol, are you there? Kurahadol? Meri! Meri! What's wrong? What happened? Hey, wake up, Meri! Don't die on me! Ojousama Thank goodness you're alright. Meri Meri, who did this to you?! Kurahadol He did this to me. His His true identity is a pirate! What are you talking about? He became interested with the family fortune. That's why he got close to you. That's that's just ridicu It's the truth! Then What Usopp-san said yesterday was Come to think of it, he was the only one who knew of the truth. He risked his life trying to save us. But none of us would believe a word he said Get out of here, Kaya! Get out of here, Kaya! Get out of here, Kaya! Or you'll be killed! Or you'll be killed! In any case, let's get out of here for now! In any case, let's get out of here for nowI In any case, let's get out of here for now! We only thought of protecting the bad guy And made that brave young man The man who wanted to protect the village the man who risked his life to warn us We chased him out of the village! Anyone! Is anyone here?! Anyone! Ojousama Anyone! Is anyone here?! Anyone! Ojousama it's useless. Everyone's gone on vacation since yesterday. That can't be Then I Then I Now's not the time to panic! Nothing's happened yet. It's vital that you calm down and think of a solution for all this. If Kurahadol's motive is just to own everything in this house, then just give it to him! It's not worth your life to protect it. Yes. The problem at hand now is that you're the only one who can stop Kurahadol. The problem at hand now is that you're the only one who can stop Kurahadol. Can you do it? Even though this is not your responsibility. I understand. I will not run away from this. I understand the consequences. I will talk to Kurahadol! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO What do you think you're doing? Hold on to them tight! But these iron bars are too slippery! But these iron bars are too slippery! We still need to climb over, even if it is. Aren't you worried about Kaya-san? Someone's coming. Hide! It's Kaya-san! She's okay! She seems to be troubled by something. Kaya-san is leaving her house alone. Somethings up. Something must've happened! Seems like they got wiped out. Looks like it. Hey, we should be more concerned of Luffy being under that thing. He's not gonna die. You'd better worry more about your own injuries. That brat really screwed us over. Now the plan's all messed up! If Captain Kuro sees this, we'll all be killed! Hey, hey.. Buchi! Look what happened out here! What's all this? We still have our trump card. Come out! Nyaban Brothers! You called, Captain Jango? You called? Sham and Buchi! Together, we're the Nyaban Brothers! Buchi, Sham.. We must get passed this slope, but As you can see, someone's in our way. Take care of him. Th that's impossible for us! Right, Buchi? Yeah, he seems to be very strong. Moreover, our responsibility's just to look after the ship. Ah yeah, you're right. We're not responsible for battles. What's this? Aren't they supposed to be their trump card? Sham, just go do it! Eh?! M-me?! Get goin'!! Fi fine I'm going. He looks completely different. What're they up to? How can he possibly fight like that? Hey you! Be prepared, cause I'm gonna to tear you apart with these very claws! What am I supposed to do with this guy? You! If you don't stop, I'll kill you! That is if you can kill me. What?! This bastard You Took me too lightly. You blocked it well. I was acting so well too. I may be tiny, but you'd better not take Sham of the Nyaban Brothers lightly. Lose something? I wouldn't know anything about it. There it is Cat snatch. Return those katanas to me! Return it? Isn't your katana in your hand? These will only get in the way. Now I feel much lighter. How dare you throw my precious belongings! Bastard! What? What were you trying to cut? I'm a cat after all. Come Buchi! Your turn! Gotcha, Sham! Gotcha, Sham! Watch this! Watch this! Watch this! Got him! Damn! He got away. Hey, hold him down properly Sham! Sorry, my bad. I didn't expect him to have such brute strength. You gotta be kidding me. If he had actuallt hit me with that, all my bones would've shattered to pieces. He won't get away this time! Of course not! I'm not too familiar with one sword techniques, but Let's go, Buchi! Gotcha, Sham! Cat Claws Attack! This is bad, Zoro's under heavy pressure. What're you trying to do? If they keep attacking him like that, there's no way he can win. I'm covering him! Go.. NAMAIIBOSHI! NAMAIIBOSHI! NAMAIIBOSHI! An opening! Why are you hitting our own people! That's not what happened. He's the one who moved to get hit. Eh?! He did it himself? You moron! Usopp! You wanna die? Maybe We're the ones who were saved. If you had hit them with the pachinko, then those two would've probabIy Directed their attacks toward us instead. That guy This is no time to be worried about us! Damn. If only I had one more katana. I'm going to fetch his katanas. If Zoro gets his katanas back, then he can defeat them! Then I should Don't push yourself. You can't even stand up straight. Hey Nami! Nami! What do you want with these katanas? There's a good reason for this The sky's been bright for a long while. Why didn't you act according to plan? Ca captain Kuro! We're gonna be killed! What? This is bad. WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON?!!