There's no way Nami would kill Usopp! There's no way Nami would kill Usopp! There's no way Nami would kill Usopp! There's no way Nami would kill Usopp! There's no way Nami would kill Usopp! We're friends! Who's friends, Luffy? Don't make me laugh. You're more like a pathetic group of cooperators. I see Of course she'd be upset. Somebody actually came for her. Friends, huh? To her That's the most difficult word of all. Nami bluffed the ''killing me off'' part so I could escape. I think there's a reason for her being with the mermen pirates. Do us a favor. Don't meddle with this village's affairs anymore than you already have. Leave Nami alone. I'll tell you everything there is to know. I'll pass. H-Hey! I'm not interested in her past Where are you going? Luffy?! A walk. Who's he..? THE HIDDEN PAST! FEMALE FIGHTER BELLEMERE! I was surprised To have someone report seeing a ship falling from the sky, and it turning out to be true. Looks like some abnormal human has landed on this island. Who exactly and for what purpose? Look! That guy over there! He's not someone from this island! What? So those are mermen? Hey! Wait! Y-You! Huh? Were you calling me? Y-You who are you? What are you doing on this island? What does it matter to you? W-Well, you've got a point there Just like you said. I'm Luffy. I'm taking a walk. ''Taking a walk?'' Have a pleasant one! Smartass, where are you headed? How should I know? Isn't he kind of amusing? Just who is he? He wasn't intimidated by us at all. A rather mysterious character. Bellemere? Did that woman raise both, you and Nami? Yes, that's right. Where shall I begin? Bellemere-san's story I dozed off Eh? Nojiko? Where could she have gone? Just a bit more, Bellemere-san. Just a bit more, Bellemere-san. Just a bit more, Bellemere-san. Just a bit more, Bellemere-san. Just a bit more and we'll get everything back! Cocoyashi Village, the orange farm and my dream too! l've endured for 8 years. It's done! IT'S DONE!! Now if I could only take a look at that book. Oh, Na-chan! What's the matter? Nothing! Nothing at all! HEY! NAMI! NOT AGAIN!! Ah, Nami again? Let me go! Ah, Nami again? Let me go! Ah, Nami again? Let me go! No helping it, eh? I'm not some cat! Baka! How many times do I have to tell you not to steal things?! Baka! How many times do I have to tell you not to steal things?! Baka! How many times do I have to tell you not to steal things?! Baka! How many times do I have to tell you not to steal things?! Baka! How many times do I have to tell you not to steal things?! That's because we're poor at my house! I can't help it! That's because we're poor at my house! I can't help it! Stingy! Bellemere! Bellemere! Your stray cat has done it again! Bellemere! Your stray cat has done it again! Bellemere! Your stray cat has done it again! What? Aren't you the noisy one What? Aren't you the noisy one Oh, welcome back Nami! I'm home! Look! How many times is this now? The whole town's talking about her! The whole town's talking about her! So what? You don't have to get so worked up over it Gen-san. Right? It's because you're too relaxed about it!! Just kidding I understand. Just kidding I understand. Gen-san has paid for it, right? Bellemere Thanks. I don't have any money right now. I'll repay you next time with my b-o-d-y D-Don't say such a thing! He turned all red, too! Oh why are you laughing? If you do this again, your butt's gonna get it! I'm sorry! But I needed this book, no matter what! If you wanted it, why didn't you ask me? You wouldn't have bought it anyway I would've! We've got some money from our last harvest. But the people from the village were saying, But the people from the village were saying, But the people from the village were saying, But the people from the village were saying, ''The weather's been really good recently, so all the orange farms should be producing well.'' So, our oranges won't rise in price or won't sell at all. You're thinking too much. Nami sure is clumsy! If it was me, I would've stolen it perfectly! Don't go stealing things! I was just kidding! Really I was! That hurt! But at least this is something to brag about Nami's maps are really amazing! After learning how to make sea maps, I see that you've also learnt to do the land. This this is a map of this island, right? No one would believe that such a small child made this. I'm studying navigation right now! Navigation too? It's Nami's dream, right? I'm going to sail around the world using my navigation skills! And then, I'll make a world map of all the places I've seen! So, this first Island map will mark the first step to your dream, right? World map, eh? Nami, I'm sure that your dream will come true someday! Definitely! Hey, Bellemere-san. Hey, Bellemere-san. Why haven't you been eating lately? Why haven't you been eating lately? Why haven't you been eating lately? Why haven't you been eating lately? I'm eating oranges, aren't I? I'm on a diet right now. Then I don't want to eat either. What's all this drama? Kids have to eat well. You're just lying! It's because we don't have any money, that's why Bellemere-san isn't eating, right? Really? You're enduring it by yourself, while giving us It's a DIET! You're enduring it by yourself, while giving us It's a DIET! You're enduring it by yourself, while giving us Now you two, you shouldn't underestimate the beautifying powers of these oranges. Even though I'm 30, this radiant skin is all thanks to my oranges. But your hands are yellow. Shut up and eat! Alright Nami, it's done! The Bellemere-brand haute couture. Another one of Nojiko's hand-me-downs Yeah yeah, but it suits you Nami! Yeah yeah, but it suits you Nami! This lion was a sunflower before! Well, of course, Nami! You're 2 years younger than me. Age shouldn't matter! I want new clothes too! But mine are used too you know! Since you're my younger sister, that's why you get my used clothes. But I'm not your real sister! We're not of the same blood! NAMI! Bellemere-san? What's that rubbish about not having the same blood?! That doesn't matter! I don't ever want to hear that again! So what Bellemere-san isn't our real mother either! Wouldn't it be better if we weren't here? Then you could actually eat! Buy the clothes you like, and live carefree! If I was gonna be taken care of, then it should've been by a rich family! R-Really? Then do whatever you want. If you really hate this house so much, go and get lost wherever you want! Stop it you two! I'M LEAVING! Nami! NAMI!! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Bellemere-san The three of us are a family! Nami thinks so too! Just now she was just You're the levelheaded one, Nojiko. I wasn't very adult-like just now, was I? Can you fetch Nami back? I'll wait for you two while making some delicious food. So Ma'am, how about this much? Eh? Can't you make it any lower? Over here! Cheap! Cheap! You won't find a better price for these, no matter where you look! So, coming from the outskirts into the village is called leaving home, Eh? How nice and simple! Here, before it cools down. Bellemere-san would be happier if we weren't around. Why do you think so? If you have two kids, you need more money. And because of me, the people of the village hate her. So you're old enough to be worrying about others, eh? Rest assured. When she was your age, she was a nightmare. Bellemere-san was? From the villager's point of view, she's still pretty much a naughty kid. When that naughty kid wanted to join the marines, the villagers were astounded. The marines? Bellemere-san was a marine? ''Pirates who kill innocent people are unforgivable.'' Saying that, she left the village. She was on the verge of dying when Well this is alright Your younger sister? No, just a little stranger. She doesn't know a thing That was you, Nami. After seeing you, it was like Bellemere regained her reason to live. It is a ship! It's coming in! In this terrible storm Who in the world could it be?! Doctor! Call the doctor! Bellemere? Isn't it Bellemere?! Bellemere, what exactly happened here? These kids Doctor! They've got a high fever! They've grown much weaker due to the storm! What? Alright, you'd better treat those horrible wounds as well Never mind me, HURRY! Please don't let them die! Just save those two kids! PLEASE! What did you just say, you little thug?! ''I'm going to be a parent to these kids,'' is what I said. Impossible! Give it up! A bad girl like you can't raise kids! We won't say anything, so just let the government handle them I'VE MADE UP MY MIND!! I too, am an adult now. I've already been a marine, and I want to try to be a good and responsible person. I'll take responsibility for these two and raise them. In order to survive in this era, I'm going to raise them into fine people! I want to live with them. Nami and Nojiko have given me a new breath of life. You guys have a stronger bond than a real parent and child would have. Nami! So you were here all along. Nojiko Bellemere-san's waiting for you, with a delicious dinner prepared! It's most likely Nami's favorite egg-rice with orange dressing! Yata! ~Egg~ and ~rice~ Time sure flies. Those little ones who once struggled to survive have grown so much. Everyone enjoys watching them happily growing up. If those three weren't happy, we couldn't forgive ourselves, could we? PIRATES! EVERYONE!! PIRATES HAVE COME! PIRATES! EVERYONE HIDE! The Arlong Pirates! Arlong? No way! Why would mermen from the Grand Line come all the way here? So the rumor about mermen pirates splitting up was true? Nami! Nojiko! Gen-san! It's dangerous here. Go and hide in the forest behind the village. But Hurry and go! Greetings and salutations, my little inferior humans! From this moment on, this village No, this whole island will be part of my domain! Listen carefully. On this day of every month, You'll have to ''purchase'' your very lives from me! Each adult for 100,000 beli. Each kid for 50,000 beli. Those who can't pay will be killed! What should we do, Nojiko? We can't pay that much money! But maybe they won't find our house. Because, it can't be seen from the village. How much is it, my brethren? About 25 million or so. Perfect! From now on, each of us will have to pay 100,000 beli every month for our own souls? We can only endure. At least no one in the village will get killed. If we can solve this just with money, it's a fair bargain. I hope they leave as they are, without noticing Bellemere's house. Including her two kids, it'll be 200,000 beli She can't possibly have that much. Alright! We're leaving, my brethren! Arlong-san, there's smoke from somewhere outside the village! Okay, let's see now Mmmm! Too tasty! Truly a Bellemere orange sauce original! Nami and Nojiko will get a kick out of this! That's smoke coming from a house! Almost missed one. Shit..! Bellemere-san! Let's go and collect our money! This is bad! The pirates are going to Bellemere's house! Hey! Nojiko and Nami aren't here! What did you say? The duck in the oven needs another 10 minutes. Stew's about ready too. This is going to hit the budget pretty hard. Oh well, let's just enjoy the moment. Bellemere-san will Bellemere-san will!! Bellemere-san will be killed!!