Fruit of the Zoan Family! Chopper and its 7 Levels of Transformation You think that you can destroy this flag? The tête de mort symbolizes our conviction! Luffy! Into full in the thousand! I dispatched you in the airs, microbe! You see it is not destroyed! Impossible! It is nutcase! I do not know with whom is this pirate flag, nor from where it comes but it is a flag for which one engages his life! One does not defend it with the light one! IT IS NOT a FLAG WHICH YOU CAN HAVE FUN TO CLEAN UP!! Narcotic It is thus that a pirate! You see! It is the symbol of a will which defies the impossible one! As a doctor, I must save this country! While raising this flag, I will fight like a pirate! It is what a pirate? They are excellent sailors. It is brilliant to be a pirate! There are thousands of incredible people on the seas! One of these days, Chopper, you should take the sea Eh! The reindeer! I will put a beating to them! What do you hope to make? I You me threats? Stupid snotty-nosed kid! Since are so impatient for you to protect this flag, then does not move of a hair! Maintaining that is enough. Its column released! It is obvious, considering the way in which it is agitated. With what you do play, band of larvae? Satisfy you to benefit from the spectacle. I will reduce it in ashes! Burst, Straw hat! DECREE! Well! Deal with him, the reindeer! Wapol-Sama! Caution! It was time that the little runt shows what it has in the belly! No the bowl! I will not let myself pose a finger on Wapol-Sama! Eh well, you are funny of creature. You must be the yéti which threw into a panic the peasants, six years ago. You probably did not should have made you only one companion of all your life. Poor wretch monster! For which reason do try you to save this country? It is stupid! CLOSE it! Even if I do not have any companion I can still fight! As long as the flag of the Doctor will float, I Companions, you have some! I am your companion! Straw hat! You are not wounded? I am well. I am out of rubber. Out of rubber?! Eh, the reindeer. You think of being able to finish some with this guy? Without any problem. Then, it is perfect. In this case, I will deal with Jamagushi! Straw hat, species of villain! How oses you to act of the kind!? I will not hesitate any more. You think of being able to overcome me? Hein, the monster? Old woman degenerated witch! Let to me fight! Quiet remainder and looks at. If you still move, you will be able remarcher never again. Be not made a bile. My small reindeer leaves itself there very well. My name is Tony Tony Chopper! It was given to me by the eminent doctor of the world! The Doctor was too lenient to be annoyed your mockeries! But me, I do not tolerate it! It is you which are intolerable! One will crush you! Rumble Ball! Dalton-San! Dalton-San! You awake! Please, Dalton-San! Vivi Go! Dalton-San! Dalton-San! Dalton is in life. Isshi-20! Its body is simply cold. Do you want that one deals with him? Eh, there are doctors here. I thought that there was none in this country of it! They are Isshi-20, the personal doctors of Wapol. They are doctors of the evil! Yes, one cannot trust them! They were subjected to the royal authority of Wapol! And they want that one entrusts the fate of Dalton-San to them?! What want you to make in Dalton-San?! If you want that he lives, let make us! We are above all the doctors. We inclined ourselves in front of the power of Wapol  only with an aim of advancing our medical research. But that always was for the casualties and the patients of this country! A certain doctor taught us never not to give up We will not lose any more  of the men of this hardening! The effects of Rumble Ball last 3 minutes. Thus in 3 minutes, I will have overcome you! How if a runt as you could beat me in 3 minutes! The things will become interesting. What a pitches! Let to me also fight! Rumble! And that believe you to be able to make?! Walk not:Reinforce the speed of walk Ha! I wondered what you were going to do! Like that, you have the capacity of a Fruit of the Demon. A Fruit of the Zoan Family, like Dalton! You are a reindeer anthropoïde? Heavy not:Reinforce the physical force Error, I am a man-reindeer! It is the similar one with same. I know all the Zoan Family and of his 3 transformations! Super Marimo Surprise Four Hammers From now on, we saw all your metamorphoses! You are a combatant in power, like Dalton! However, with the pure force, you will not be able Jumping not:Reinforce the power of jump  to overcome me! A jump? What a powerful jump! What?! What a is this appearance?! It was not its semi-human form of presently?! Astute! Guard not:Reinforce the fur Still one!? Impossible! It was a blow imparable! But useless. The transformations of the Zoan Family should not exceed 3 metamorphoses! But which devil are you? Rumble Ball is a drug which disturbs the waves of the transformations of the Fruit of the Demon. At the time of my five years of research, I discovered 4 other transformations. In addition to the 3 known transformations! It does not matter the number of transformations which you have! What a formidable reindeer! What arrives to him? One would say to hear 7 levels of transformation got strong feelings to him. Cretin, and our combat then?! What, 7 levels of transformation?! Your tours de passe-passes will not go against me! It is not a turn! ARM not:Reinforce the force of the arm I must warn you that my steel shoes can even pourfendre the rock! Super! Arrogant good-for-nothing! You will see! Surprised Marimo:Four Axes Sharp snow He He! Ca transpierced the wall of the castle! Shit, it dodged it. And what do you think of that? Take that! Snowstorm Where your beautiful arrogance passed?! You cannot overcome me by escaping! Brain not:Reinforce the intelligence I did not seek to flee. I sought right tone weak point. What?! It is finished. One a rayon laser! It will draw a rayon laser! Anything, stunned! You want to keep silent yourself well!? Ca will be a rayon laser! Without any doubt, it is a rayon laser ! A laser! A laser! But how you can the knowledge?! I know that it is a rayon laser! But it is impossible! It is the moment to attack. You me scannes?! And then?! I do not have a weak point! You are only one weak and lamentable animal of circus! It is the end for you! I found! Its chin! Where it is?! Sharp shoe! You succeeded! The reindeer! Good job! The reindeer! Incredible! Keep silent yourself! Dalton-San! We should climb the mountain. Usopp-San, Mr. Bushido. One can remain there, with nothing to make! I am anxious not to know what it is occurred of Luffy-San and others after this enormous avalanche! Nami-San has a terrible fever Perhaps even Be anxious for you for Nami. Moreover, you are also anxious for Dalton-San and Arabasta? Vivi, calms itself. You carry a too heavy burden on your shoulders. Nami is with Luffy and Sanji. They will be left there. One should not worry. I have faith in them! I see, it is right undoubtedly Usopp-San has faith in his/her companions. It is for that there can remain also calm. Thank you, Usopp-San. I You ace right jitter to climb the mountain. But you heard them! There are giant yétis and rabbits! You should have started by saying that! Do not worry you, Luffy will leave itself there. The alarming things frighten me, that poses a problem to you?! Dalton-San! Have-await, please! Dalton-San! Dalton-San! Will somebody to finally say me who is this guy? Dalton-San! You cannot leave! Leave me! I do not want that Wapol takes again the castle. Never! You do not think all the same of returning to you to the castle?! In your state, it is unconsciousness! If I do not fight now, then when will I do it? If I allow Wapol to take again the capacity, this country will be nothing any more but ruin for eternity! But you cannot beat you in your state! And we are not size vis-a-vis him It does not matter the sacrifices I will finish some now! Go up! I will carry you to the castle. No time to lose! I do not want that your determination is vain! Usopp-San Wait I will carry you to the castle Usopp-San. He, Usopp-Kun. I do not think that will go. Of course that if, that will go! I will bring you to it! You fight for your country, not true?! You want to finish some?! You do not worry, I you will bring to it no matter what it arrives. Which cretin. It should just be brought in top of the mountain, it is that? Zoro. Dumb! Dumb! Be to you that a dumb! Usopp Punch! What you insane?! I was about to release all my power! Ouais. I know well. All my power! Yes, yes. Wait! If you make a point so much of going there There is a cable which leads to the castle. Impossible. I believed that all the cables had been destroyed. There remains one about it! Somebody set up a white cable On the basis of a giant at the exit of Gyasta and driving tree to the castle! Gyasta? It is the name of the last village where Doctor Kureha went! Eh, Luffy! What? Where did it pass? It? It left! But which? This person who is damned guy with the steel teeth! It disappeared! It came to back from the hairy hippo, it thus did not can go down again. When devil it could When you were occupied with you extasier in front of the transformations, obviously! What a jerk! When I find it, I will regulate his account to him! Would it have threaded into soft in the castle? If it is the case, then Nami-San! What a dumb! If ever it touches in Nami-San, I will make him pay with the centuple! Wait! Frankly, he really seeks with clamser? Doctorine This guy, it said that I was his/her companion. Where do you hide you? Jamagushi?! My fever dropped much. This train, I soon will be able to turn over to the boat. But what I make?! I do not have time to remain lengthened in this bed! Vivi must await me. But what occurred here? It is well the castle of Drum? What did it make with my splendid castle? It is unforgivable! I one by one will crunch them until the last!