Is Nami sick? Beyond snow which falls on the ocean! Right in front! What do you tell? One was already eaten! Right in front! Right in front! HakoKu! Hakoku = Nation of the warriors One passes through! One is not turned over! One sinks right in front! Terrible! It was terrible! They have even open the ocean! Here true forces it… of a warrior of Elbaf! It is incredible! Maintaining the friends! With the next one! Many years ago, a terrible crew known as the Giant Warlike Pirates sailed on the oceans. Two leaders of these pirates, Brogy the red ogre and Dorry the blue ogre, had a terrifying capacity! Their force was unimaginable for the human ones and their similar. And the manpower of the crew of the pirates started to decrease. But what put an end to their wandering, according to the rumors only one little girl is. Did you recover spoils of the boss a little today? Yes, that remotivé me, I cannot be calmed more! After all, they killed each one enormous a monstre marin! We are perhaps giants of the tribe of Elbaf but only the boss can beat such monsters! Isn't this, you others? Yes! You are right! This ruffle surely our greater exploit! Largest that one ever cut down! Then, which was largest? … Which? Who gained the contest of hunting? Look at Brogy well. It would be said that mine is very small little the larger. Be insane for you! Mine is at least 3 cm larger! What? It is what, that? Owners! Stop, please! In the fact, Brogy. It would be said that I forgot something of important. To tell you the truth, similar for me. The central volcano! At all events, let us stop good once for all! Yes! I will remember it once I will have beaten you! Do He the guy, you know what? One day, I undoubtedly will visit Elbaf, the village of the warriors! Oh yeah! Ge… Ge… giant! Ge… Ge… giant! El… baf… baf! Everyone is so enormous! Because they are giants! Enormous giant old men! Immense pirates! These deux-là has energy to resell. All this history really washed me. Vivi, can you on top keep an eye during a moment? Now, you will be able to finally return in Arabasta. So of course, we do not strike anything on the way. Yes, I must return to the house. Now, the only means of saving my country is of… Ca can be only you, Princesse. Now, your father, the King, does not control any more his subjects. The only means of stopping this insurrection is that you directly say the truth to the people. For this reason, you cannot allow you to die. Whatever the sacrifices to be made or people whom you will have to betray, you must remain in life! It will be hard. Princess Vivi… Do you promise not to die? I will arrive at Arabasta alive. Do not worry you too much, Vivi-Chan. I am there! What would you say to release you by tasting my small snack bars of today, small furnaces? And as drink we have tea or coffee, with your suitability. Sanji-San. Ouah that with the good air! Your snack bars are in the kitchen! Yosh! I am the first inside! What do you make, Luffy? If I had been able to cut out this wax, I would not have needed anybody! I am weak… I must become stronger, until I can cut this wax in all the positions! Kingdom of Arabasta The sand Island Mr. 2! Bonclay-Sama! Swanda is ready to leave! Okay, okay! Close it a little. Good blood, why do I have to do that? You can occupy you very well of waste like Mr. 3 yourself! Not, please! Even if we attack it all together, we cannot beat it! Please, just this time! It is an order of the Boss himself after all! One, two, three… I wonder who am the 4? This oaf of Zéro-Chan! Vivi… Afflicted, I must go… With my cabin… They is good, Nami-San. I will supervise our direction, you can go to put back you. Does that go? Everyone, come quickly! Why? What is there, Vivi? Nami-San disappeared with an high fever! Does Nami-San have what? Won't Nami-San die? Isn't this, Vivi-Chan? It is probably due to the climate. One of the obstacles against which the travellers butt invariably who return on Grand Line is the threat due to the supernatural climate that there is here. It is not rare for intrepid pirates, even those with enormous reputations on the other oceans, to succumb to the climate. Even thinnest of the symptoms can lead to dead if it is not treated immediately. Nami-San! Is this somebody on board has a minimum of medical knowledge? But it will be better if it eats meat! Not, Sanji? Eh well, I will prepare his favorite dishes to accelerate his re-establishment but… an indigestion would be harmful. To nourish will perhaps not be sufficient. And in addition to that, we are at sea. I make the dishes of Nami-san and Vivi-chan with hundred times more care than yours. I give them the freshest vegetables and meat. And all that is rotted, it is what nourishes you, the guy. He! But that has good taste nevertheless! At all events, as long as I am the chief cook of this boat, there will be never problem of food. But to prepare a meal for a sick person, there are so many things to consider. Which are its symptoms and which they as regards nutrition ask? I cannot make this kind of diagnosis. Then gives him of all. Which sick person will have energy to swallow all that? The fever climbed! There will be doctors once we will arrive at Arabasta, not? How long does it remain us before arriving over there, Vivi? I am not sure but I do not believe that one can arrive there in one week. To be sick is really so painful? Do not know, I was never sick front. You are who with the Juste? Don't you see at which point it suffers? A fever of 40°C, it is nothing! Ca means that it is a real danger to its life! Will Nami die? On you and you calm take!! We must find a doctor!! We must save Nami!! I know, calm you please! You will disturb it! Not. Not. Nami-San. Ouah, it is cured! Not, they is false! On my drawing table, there is a newspaper. Direction… straight. Not… It is not possible… He, that is there? It is what the problem? It is in connection with Arabasta, Vivi-Chan? At the beginning, there were 600.000 imperial soldiers fighting against 400.000 rebels. But in one moment, gives it changed… Now, the rebellion with Arabasta starts to gain ground. The newspaper goes back to 3 days. I am sorry. Even if I had shown it to you, that would not have changed the speed of the ship. I thought that would cause you just more stress, therefore I hid it. You include/understand, Luffy? I have the impression that the things are badly. Well, you include/understand better than I believed it. But if one quickly does not take you along to a doctor… I am well. The thermometer is just broken. Nobody can have a body temperature of 40°C. It is probably right a heat stroke. I do not need a doctor. Ca from will go away all alone. We as envisaged direct right on Arabasta. Thank you to be to you worried. Is Oh, it cured? Cretin, it makes pretense of being well. This rate/rhythm, blood soon will run in this country. Ca will become a war! If I do not stop that, Arabasta will disappear! Crocodile will obtain the throne! To arrive over there alive is not sufficient any more now! I must arrive there as quickly as possible! If I do not arrive there in time, 1.000.000 of the miens will engage a meaningless battle! There are 1.000.000 people? Which terrible burden for you, Vivi-Chan. What did you foutais? It is what your problem? The boat goes straight. Straight in the bad direction! Look at the compass, instead of brailler! I do not have to look at this thing. We followed the direction of this large cloud since the beginning. Do the clouds move and change form, not? I cannot any more support it, I have a headache. Then file to rest to you and lets make me! I left because I knew that I could not trust you! The air changes… Air? The weather was nice all during the day. Call everyone outside! He! Bring your buttocks on the bridge! Y' has job! What? What? I do not like to receive orders of your share. The farm and work! Incline the veils so that ground wind is caught. What occurs, Nami-San? There are no waves and time is clear. Wind… Wind? A high wind will strike us. I think… What? Heat! Be extreme for you! One must stop the ship and seek you a doctor! Deal with your business! It is my normal temperature! Stop making the idiot and draws on the cords! Nami-San, I know that it is for the good of Vivi-Chan and all, but… You should not tire you like that. I said to you that I was well! He Nami, you really go… I don't care! Move the boat! What arrives on us? Ca does not resemble a storm. I must arrive at Arabasta as quickly as possible. I have a request, you others. I realize how much it is be likely for you to have me on board but… Now, my country runs towards a horrible destiny. At all events, I want that we advance! I will not be able to support the least delay! I require that the boat continues right on Arabasta at maximum speed! Of course. We, isn't this promised? Well, now, let us find an island with a doctor! We must look after Nami-San as possible as quickly and direct us towards Arabasta! It is that the “maximum speed” of this boat? Ouais! It cannot go more quickly! You are sure? As do a princess, you have to deal with million subjects, not? It is that! It is for that one must look after Nami-San as fast as possible! Well considering, Vivi-Chan! I am even in love! She is couillue! I am sorry. Do not tire yourself, please Nami-San. Excuse me… Vivi… I believe that I will be a weight here… Nami-San, hold good! Ouahou! What is it that? It is a cyclone! It is enormous!!! Wait a little! This direction it is… The same one towards which we went before! If we had continued, we would have been pulverized! It was not far!! We missed little!! Impressing… The cyclones on Grand Line are almost impossible to predict. And it has… It is not based solely on the theory to predict time. It is more as if it could feel itself time. I never saw such a navigator… Well! Now, one moves! Let us find a doctor! YES! Will Vivi-Chan, what one make? The fever of Nami-San will not drop! Sanji-San! Karu! I said to you to be held quiet! Do you see a doctor? How if it could see a doctor, moron! He, the guy! You believe that one can hold upright on the ocean? You want to know if people can hold upright on the ocean? Do Zoro, about what you speak? Then, what is it that? What, what? Of what, that?