The promise of a man! Luffy and the whale makes wish meet again Laboon is not an ordinary whale. It is a whale which has a heart like a person. There is a reason why Laboon continuous to knock Red Line of its head, and why it deals with Reverse Mountain while shouting. I will tell you… history of Laboon. I dealt with the headlight as usual this day… when a group of pirates is descended from Mountain Reverse towards Grand Line. There was a young whale which swam beside their boat. This whale it was Laboon. Whales of the islands as it populate only West Blue. It is the greatest species of whale of the world. Apparently, Laboon travelled with these pirates since one good moment already, but they travelled maintaining towards the dangers of Large Line. They thought of having left it in West Blue, but Laboon had followed them. The whales of the islands swim normally in group with their companions. But for Laboon, these pirates were his/her companions. They dropped anchor in this course during a few months to repair their boat. I became myself their friend at the end of one moment. But the day when they were ready to leave… I have a favor to ask you. Could you deal with it during 2 or 3 years? We will sail around the world and we will return for it. He Laboon, I have something to say to you. We will return on Grand Line and will travel around the world. But you must await us here. It is a dangerous place, thus we want that you remainders here in safety. Do not look at me like that! You ace not interest to forget us. Even if we are not close to you, we will remain your companions. Good, one goes there! The guy, ahead! Let us show them what one is worth! Ouais!! Laboon! Laboon, await us here! We will be of return before you realize there! You can be sure about it! It was 50 years ago. Did Laboon await these people during 50 years? Then it is for that she shouts? And what it knocks the wall to reach the other side? Yes. This drain is incredible. I am surprised that it is always in life with such a tunnel inside. Is it one of your pastimes? It is my pastime of doctor. Doctor? I am doctor after all. A long time ago, I directed a private clinic here on the course. I was even doctor on a boat a few years ago. Really? Then, be the doctor of my boat! Would not be stupid. Compared with you the 5 young wolves, I do not have any more the force to travel everywhere and do anything. A doctor? It is for that you live inside the whale. And this is the result of your medical care. It is that. When they become also large, it is possible no to look after them outside. One goes there! One is outside! It is the true sky! Wednesday miss, what do you make? But 50 years whole? These foutus pirate made it wait a long time. Cretin! It is Grand Line, you know? They died. There is not to await them longer. It is sure, it occurred 50 years. That shows at which point this unexplored ocean is terrible. How can you say such horrible things? But nobody knows anything of it! Perhaps they will return! It is if beautiful story, a whale which continues to believe in the promise of his/her companions… Not true, old man? Yes. But the truth is crueler than you cannot imagine it. All that was in their plan. These men are flee of Large Line? Impossible… Therefore, they gave up the whale? They tried to leave Grand Line, what means that they had to cross Calm Belt? Even if by chance they are still in life, they will never return here. Seasons, climate, marine currents and even winds, all disappeared without apparent reason. Usual logic is not respected on this ocean. The terror of Large Line exceeds the weakness of the heart. Then these dumbs without heart, without any thought for their promise, made their bag and left this ocean. They gave up the whale, and it awaited here their return during 50 years? It is too cruel! But if you knew it, why have said anything to him? Isn't this whale includes/understands the human language? I said to him… All… but she refused to listen. Laboon, listens to me! They already left Grand Line! I know that you were friendly, and that you thought that they would never break their promise. But… they will never return! Laboon, listening what I say! They… I know that you do not want to hear it, but you must accept it! Laboon! Laboon! This night, Laboon dealt with Reverse Mountain and shouted for the first time, and it started to launch out against Red Line. It continues to believe that they will return on the other side of this wall. She will not listen to the truth. Which animal… Even if there is no reason to wait… If there were no reason to wait, she would have listened to me. She is afraid more than very to lose the reason which makes it wait. Its house is in West Blue. She cannot even return to her. She wished to only be the friend of the men whom it followed up to now. You know… She is in a sorry state. But you were also betrayed, not? It is not really any more your problem, not? Look at the scars on its head! If it continues to be knocked like that against the rocks, she will die without any doubt. We have strange bonds and that has lasted for 50 years. I will not look at it committing suicide. What will make this cretin? One cannot leave it eyes one second! It would be said that it will make climbing. Ikebana = Art of the floral composition It is isn't the mast? Ouais. It has just torn off it our boat. It is our principal mast. Stop breaking the boat!! Does whore, why you ace do that??? He! Kid! They is good! He will not die even if he is made crush! Hein? Moron! With what he does play? Luffy! What do you make? Equality! I am rather strong, not? You isn't wants to beat to me? Our combat is not finished, thus we will have to fight one day next. Your companions perhaps died, but now I am your rival! We will rebattrons ourselves one day next to know which both is strongest for us! Once we will have traversed Grand Line, I will return! And then we will finish our combat! Hmmm… Not badly! Here our promise of combat! Therefore, until I return, you will not have any more to strike the wall and to erase the mark! Where are the two different ones? Two others? Ah, the two odd ones. They had to leave. I wonder nevertheless where they passed… Wednesday miss, what does one make? At all events, we should return and inform the Boss what did without. The limiting duration of the mission already expired for a long time. I is of agreement, it is nevertheless a dilemma because we could pass for traitors. Yes. We do not have weapons, thus let us prove our honesty, and let us start again… There are not the choice! In this case one returns… Hein? What? What… What doesn't go? Missing! It is what that? You lost the Log Poses? A small delay, Wednesday Miss! Without him, one cannot return on our premises. If we remain… Not! Not possible! It is… Oh not! Unluckies! We are too late! Mr. 13! Friday miss! Wait, one can explain you! We were going all to pay to the Boss!! All is ready! Let us start to plan our voyage in Grand Line. Ah, I finally will cook you, tuna-elephant with the blue scales! Cretin of asshole! To destroy our boat like that… He! Zoro! Bring back your bottom and helps me, I am not the carpenter of the boat! But what? You are noisy! What is there Nami-San? If you want food, am not afraid! Food… The compass is broken! It does not indicate any direction. Oh, it rightly. It makes that to turn. He, it is funny! You thus came here all the five without knowing what you did. Which extreme silly thing. Summers you come here to waste your lives? Food? It is to nourish you, ball! I said it to you. Usual logic does not take place to be in this ocean. This compass is not broken. Then, that would be a magnetic field? It is that. The islands of Large Line have many minerals causing abnormal magnetic fields over all its length. Moreover, the winds and the currents are particularly unstable here. When one is navigator, one realizes at which point it is insurmountable. You are right… we will run to our loss if we do not know the direction to be taken. Delicious! I did not know it! With me the fault! Doesn't He that go? How will we make? He, they is not bad! They is super! Stop species of cretin!! You cannot remain quiet two seconds? But they is really good, this tuna-elephant with the blue scales. To sail on Grand Line will be impossible, if you do not have a Log Poses. Does a Log Pose? Ever intended to speak. It is a single compass which memorizes a magnetic field. A special compass? Yes, it has a really particular form. Like that? Yes, like that. If you do not have this Log Poses, to sail on Grand Line will be impossible for you. I include/understand. But, wait one moment. Luffy? Why you have one of them, brothel? The two odd ones left it on the boat. Be sure for you? Why you struck me? I felt it well. You felt it? Thus it is a Log Poses. There is no reference mark above. The islands forming Grand line obey the rule created by the magnetic fields. Thus to travel in the order of island to island, the Log Installation must adapt to the magnetic field of each island to indicate the right direction. The truth is that it is possible no to know your exact position about this ocean. You are completely depend on the magnetic field memorized by your Log Poses. You must initially choose one of the 7 magnetic fields which emanate from Mountain Reverse, but without choosing the island from which you will leave. Perhaps your road will cross the others in only one final road. And the name of the island at the end of this road is… Raftel. The ultimate island of Large Line. The only known person to have confirmed her existence is the Lord of the Pirates. This island is legendary. Raftel… Therefore, that must be there! One Part! Who can say it because this legend is most known of all, but not another heart did not reach this alive island. We will see… when we are there! I am more hungry! On the way! You very puffed out all alone? Wahou! Even edges! Does the Log Pose? It is really invaluable. Our destiny on this ocean rests on him. Species of bastard of Gomu! I wanted that Nami-San… I wanted that Nami-San in eats too! Why you ace does that? Prepare to die Gomu of… Sanji-Kun? Yes, Nami-San? You two!! Refresh yourself the ideas!! He, wait. It was really, really so important, isn't this? Our invaluable… Log Poses… You do not worry. I have of them another which you can take. I owe you that well to have saved Laboon. He! I believed that I had died! Allow me, my beautiful. Ah! Thank you! Which pretty time we have. He! I have a request. Whiskey Peak? Which odd name. What is it? It is the city where we live! You do not have your own boat? Unfortunately, it was destroyed. Wouldn't that be too nice of our share, Mr. 9? By considering that you want to kill this whale. You are who with the Juste? I am a king! Liar. We can nothing say! We want to return… We did not want to really make this kind of dirty works, but understand that we must maintain a “secrecy”! We can really nothing say to you! We beg you to help us! We will refund you your kindness! Do not listen to them! No matter what they say, they are only executors of dirty works. The problem is that we broke this Log Poses and we do not have of it an other. You are sure to want to come? What? You broke it? It was mine you know!! You made us kneel in front of you whereas you cannot go nowhere? Oh, but… Crocus-San gives us another of them. We beseech your immense kindness! This pétasse had us by doing all to us to tell! Well! You can come. Is that called Whiskey Peak? Allons-y! We have just met them and you will bring them with us like that? They is good. Do not worry you about such details. But for the place where you will have decided to go, it will be the starting point here. If one does not find, one will réessaiera! I see. Well, one goes there! I made a promise with the whale. Prepare we to leave. But which are you? Me? I am the man who will become the Lord of the Pirates! Cretin of pirate. All is ready! Your Log should be good. Did you direct it according to the chart? It points on Whiskey Peak! With more, old flowered man! Thank you for the Log Poses! Well! Now go ahead! With more! I will return, whale! Let us sink towards Whiskey Peak! All sails outside!! YES!! They are perhaps the pirates until one waited so a long time. The small one has a little the same mysterious air as you… Hein? Roger