The world Yes! Seek freedom, And your world will stand stretched out before your eyes. If the endless dream guides your spirits, Conquer it! Bear conviction behind your flag! I began my search,With a blast of water, Toward a boundless,everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light l've never seen When the summer-colored sun shakes the sall of my heart, It's a sign the door to a new world has opened Swaying between the waves, I can escape despair, For the horize on the other side is what I aim for! I began my search, With a blast of water, Toward a boundless, everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light I've never seen I I WILL STAY HERE But if we ever meet again, Will you still call me your nakama? Beware her scent! The seventh one is Nico Robin! Yes. I sank one of the ships. The one belonging to the Baroque Works Agent, Bon Clay. But the other one Come on, keep it moving. So they got away? I was swindled by a cheap trick. They're pretty good at running away, huh? Hina-jou, watch out! Honestly. Pisses me off. Hina pissed. What, your ineptitude? No. Not at all. Ah! So hot! The sheer power of the Ori Ori Fruit! Ori - Cage "Everthing that comes near me gets LOCKED UP!" Say it! The catchphrase! Say it! What the hell is this!? Iron shackles!? You piss me off, Smoker-kun. I'm aware of a lot of things I do that piss you off. But When I told you the Straw Hat Pirates escaped, You almost sounded happy. Ah. I did? Why do you say that? No idea. And then, she said to me, in a ceremonial manner: "I have something very important to tell you, Papa. No, Father." And I thought, as the King of this country "It's hard to stop being called Papa." What!? What's he talking about!? I cannot accept your death. I cannot even shed tears. Why is this, Pell? FIRE! FIRE! What is it, Toto-san? You've been laughing ever since the speech ended! Jeez, did those sandstorms screw your brain up that bad, old man? It's a secret! I'm not telling you! Huh? What's that supposed to mean? Look after yourself, Luffy-kun! Come visit Yuba and drink our water again someday! Now, what are you guys doing? Go dig the well! I got it! Chiisana koro ni wa takara no chizn ga treasure map atama no naka ni ukande ite my head itsudemo sagashita kiseti no basho o es I'd always sought shiranai dareka ni makenai you ni from me by someone I'd never seen. Ima de wa And now hokori darake no mainichi re covered with dust. itsu no hi ka ut some day subete no I'll leave everything tokini mi o makaseru dake t myself to the flow of time. Moshimo seki ga kawarn no nara hould change nanimo shiranai koro no watashi ni elf, when I was still innocent tsurete itte omoide ga iro asenai you ni never fade. Hey, who was the Princess talking to anyway? Dunno. It doesn't really matter though. I was just so happy to hear Vivi-sama's speech! We have to endure for her! Yes, that's right! Even us poor folk! Like you're poor! Just like we heard, Alubarna is on the verge of ruin. Then, we should go there. But we need to get Yuba back on its feet. It's the Hub of the West after all. Gotta fix all the canals from the Sandora River too. And the casino? The place is closed. Let's get going! Yeah! Why's he getting special treatment? No idea. But Vivi-sama said so. It can't be helped. And I hear he wants to join the Super Spot-billed Duck Squad. But he's a camel. A camel, yeah. Well, thank you. You took good care of me. Well, aren't you an impatient one. You should't even be moving with injuries like that. Okay, see you. You just understand this: Go straight to bed when you get home! Yes, I understand. Oh yeah, wait up. You forgot this. Here. Ah, thank you. Anyhow, you've got to rest quietly. Understand? Leave your work to someone else. And eat a well-balanced, easy-to-digest meal three times a day--that's in the morning, noon and the evening- Un, you've done more than enough. Wow! Those guys are fast! It's more like we're losing speed. We're taking on water from the hole below deck. If those guys don't do something, we won't make it! Oi, Chopper! Are there any boards left over there? It's getting serious! CHOPPER!! There's only three ships. Guess we'll have to fight 'em. Yosh! Let's go! WHAT THE HELL!? Ah, those? Usopp asked me to keep them in case we could use them for somthing. THEY'RE IN THE WAY! WE DON'T NEED THEM! I'll chuck 'em. All hands, battle positions! We attack in full force as soon as we're broadside! Yosh! Let's get 'em! Huh? Before it's too late Full speed outta here! Now, Carue Let's go home, to Alubarna! My adventure is over, But now the challenge of restoring Arabasta lies before me. Right now, Arabasta is like a small ship on the water, riddled with holes. But, no matter what large waves should come, We will never back down! We'll keep pushing steadily ahead, Without never losing our course! Yes, just like that mysterious little boat We'll see them again someday, won't we, Carue? Smoker-san? Hey, little miss. How are your legs feeling? P-Please don't call me that. Thank you I've seen their new bounties. The numbers suit them. Do you know what his partner, the swordsman, did? You mean Roronoa? He took out 100 bounty hunters at Whiskey Peak, And defeated Das Bones in Alubarna. Das? The assassin? That's the name we knew him by when he was a bounty hunter in West Blue. But in Baroque Works, he was known as Mr. 1. Well, it's impressive how many poweful and renowned figures Crocodile drew into his sphere. But they all still lost. We'll set out again and continue pursuing the Straw Hat Pirates. Yes, Sir! The Marines aren't chasing us anymore! We shook them off, didn't we? Hey now What's with the lifeless responses? WE MISS HER! Quit whining about it! If you didn't want to leave her behind You should've just taken her by force! Ah! You neanderthal! You suck! Marimo. Santouryuu. Santouryuu - Three swords Wait, Luffy. "Santouryuu" isn't an insult. Youtouryu. Youtouryu - Four swords No, you only added one! Listen, You know natto, right? natto - Fermented soy beans That could mean, like "You stink", okay? So we finally got away from the island. Yeah. Well done. Here for revenge!? Bring it on! Why are YOU here!? Take cover! Take cover! Who is she? It doesn't matter who she is! She's a beautiful lady! Don't point those dangerous things at me. I told you that before, didn't I? How long have you been on this ship? The entire time. These clothes are yours, aren't they? I'm borrowing them. What do you think you're doing, Baroque Works!? Monkey D. Luffy. You aren't forgetting what you did to me, are you? LUFFY! What the hell did you do to this beautiful lady!? WHAT- DID- YOU- DO!? Everyone please disembark the ship at once! Oi, you! Don't lie! I didn't do anything! Yes you did. You put me through some very excruciating treatment. Take responsibility. Who is that? What's going on? Get out of here! I'll call the Marines! You'd better take responsibility! "Excruciating treatment"!? What the hell did you do to her!? What the hell did you do!? Serious! Usopp is serious! I don't know what you're talking about! What do you want me to do!? Allow me to join your nakama. HUH!?  Hurry, use it. It's the antidote for Crocodile's poison. Even if he is buried beneath all this rubble, his rubber body may allow him to survive. Back then you said that only history was inscribed there. Why did you lie? You knew? How naughty. The history of this country is not inscribed on that stone. All that is inscribed there are the details about the weapon your organization desired. And of course, its location. If you had translated it for Crocodile, this country would currently be his. Am I wrong? I'm not interested. I don't care whether people and countries live or die. I couldn't care less. I never intended to give Crocodile the weapon in the first place. I don't understand. Then why did you come here? Hopes and expectations are two different things. What I wanted to find was the Rio Poneglyph. Out of all the Poneglyphs existing in this world It is the one stone that tells the True History. That is the Rio Poneglyph. The True History? What is that? Enough. I've searched for 20 years And this was the only lead I found. This place was my last hope, and it was a failure. If I am to die here, that suits me fine. I'm tired of walking the road I followed here. When all I want is to learn of a history, There are too many enemies within my dream. One further question, if I may Are you saying the threads of the history that cannot be told can be woven together? And that Poneglyph is the record of it? If that is so, then why have we been? Yosh, let's get out of here. Wait a second! I have no reason to live! Put me down and leave! Why the hell should I listen to you? Back then, you forced me to live when I wished to die. That is your crime. I have no place to go or return to. So, are you going to let me stay on your ship? I get it. Guess that's that. Okay. LUFFY! LUFFY! Don't worry! She's not a bad person! Mellorine! Mello Look at me when I'm talking to you! I want you to answer all of my questions truthfully. I'll ask you again. Your full name? Oh, I'm Usopp. Nice to meet you. No, no, pleased to meet you. Nico Robin. Yosh! Nico Robin. And what's your occupation? I'm an archaeologist. Archaeologist!? I'm from a long line of archaeologists. I see. From a long line, eh? What the hell is this? And? I became an archaeologist, And then I became wanted by the World Government at the age of eight. For the past 20 years, I've kept myself hidden from society. Since you were eight? And you were alone that entire time? Not exactly. A child can't survive on the ocean by herself. Over the years, I worked for various villainous characters as a way of protecting myself and achieving my goal. That's the story. And would you say Crocodile was just one of the those people? I would. In order to locate the Rio Poneglyph. Rio? It's given me a lot of experience in covert operations. I would be an asset to you. Hmm, you seem pretty confident about yourself. What's your speciality? Assassination. AH, LUFFY! The interview has concluded that this woman is TOO DANGEROUS to hire! LISTEN TO WHAT I'M SAYING, DAMN IT! Pathetic. Look how easily you let her walk all over you. She was the Vice President of an enormous criminal organization until this very day. Give me one good reason why we should let her join us. You may have fooled these idiots, but it won't work on me! If you ever try anything, I'm kicking you out. Yes, I'll keep that in mind. By the way I brought along some of Crocodile's jewels. OHH! I love you, Onee-sama! Oi, oi, oi, oi Nami's down! That was dirty. Everything's following right along with the enemy's pace. Ah, love! Floating love! I am but driftwood laying my ebony-burned body down upon the flow. Treasure Driftwood, struck by your beauty called thunder: I am sent straight along the flow. Here is your snack. Oh, thank you. That is without a doubt that. Yeah. He was a lost cause from the get-go. And so The two of us are the last remaining bastions against her. Yes, those weak-minded fools have failed us all. Oi, Usopp! Chopper! Should I call you Robin-chwan? Or Robin-swan? I can't decide! Oh, which would you like? Ah, this is such a joy~! She has a distinct, more mature beauty than Nami-san~! This is a nice ship. Is it always as lively as this? Yeah, this is it. Oh? This woman What's she plotting? By the way, Miss Navigator. Are we on course? No problems in wind or weather! Everything's fantastic, Robin-nee-san! You DEFINITELY took those jewels! Sanji! Is it snack time yet? Just wait one minute! I'm hungry! Me too! Me too! I'm hungry too! My grave? Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. What course can I set that will lead me to a better tomorrow? Taking the helm, I spread out the map of miracles I had shut in my heart Aiming for the sky, searching for a dream, there were times when I lost my way But this isn't a dream, I found a wonderful part of myself when I met you With a small bit of courage, I gained something large So now is the time to change my dreams into vows. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Let's paint a story of the future And put all of our thoughts into this new wind Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. I'll chase it anywhere, this Shining Ray!