The world Yes! Seek freedom, And your world will stand stretched out before your eyes. If the endless dream guides your spirits, Conquer it! Bear conviction behind your flag! I began my search,With a blast of water, Toward a boundless,everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light l've never seen When the summer-colored sun shakes the sall of my heart, It's a sign the door to a new world has opened Swaying between the waves, I can escape despair, For the horize on the other side is what I aim for! I began my search, With a blast of water, Toward a boundless, everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light I've never seen I AM THE MAN WHO'LL BECOME THE PIRATE KING! PLEASE STOP FIGHTING!! The battle is over. The rain, just as it is falling Just as it always has, will fall again. The nightmare is all over. Arms merit Smoker! A pirate and some justice "The nightmare is all over"!? Don't give us that! You can't just call this some bad dream! He's right! We saw the King attack Nanohana with our own eyes! Yeah! And Kohza-san was shot by the Royal Army! The Royal Army has fought dirty this whole time! How can we accept that for those who have died for this rebellion!? THROW DOWN YOUR WEAPONS! ROYAL ARMY! Chaka-sama! Chaka! Hey, what are you doing? You- Mah-mah-maaah~! You do the same! Rebel Army! I-Igaram-san! Captain! Igaram! Igaram-san! We shall meet again upon our homeland. That's the cross-dressing guy from Whiskey Peak! He's alive! But who is he? Hey, can you speak? It's that kid from Nanohana. That's right. That's the kid who got hurt by the Royal Army. No. Someone else did this to me. Everyone, listen! I saw them! I just don't feel right without this thing on my head! Ambiguous~! That's right. This war was set up from the beginning. Kohza-san! Leader! Everything that has happened to this country, I shall explain, myself, in full detail. Throw down your weapons, all of you! Vivi-sama! Everyone, Where are you? Oi Get up and walk already! Well listen to this I've come down with I-will-die-if-I-walk-any-futher Disease. Then stay there. Eh? Hey w-wait! Whoa! Wait! Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa! Why my leg!? There he is. Who are you? Ah, that guy on your back Thank for carrying him out of there. He's with us. We'll take him from here. So you are the pirates who brought Vivi back to this country. Who are you, Ossan? Papa! Everyone! Ah, it's Vivi! Papa? VIVI-CHAN'S FATHER!!? You're the King? I was prepared for death, But he saved me. After he fought with Crocodile, He carried both of us back up to the surface. It is difficult to comceive of one possessing so much power. And we don't have to worry about that poison? No, he's already taken the antidote. But he must be treated for his wounds, As well as all of you. So Vivi, hurry up and go already. Eh? Get back to the Square. That's right. The country's rebellion is finally over. But without the words of the King and Princess to guide it, it won't be a real ending. Then, we should all- Vivi-chan. You understand, right? We're marked men. We ain't gonna concern ourselves with countries and such! I'm hungry. We'll get to the Palace when we're ready. We're exhausted. Yes. Understood, Captain Smoker. So you mean, Crocodile-san He was behind everything? How can that be? I can't believe it Hey, look over there! It's the Marines! A Baroque Works ship carrying Dance Powder for use in creating artificial rainfall has been captured. Leader of the secret criminal organization, Baroque Works, Shichibukai Pirate, Sir Crocodile. Which way'd he go? That croc! By order of the Marine Headquarters, acting with the authority of the World Government, In accordance with the Naval Enemy Seizure clause, You are henceforth stripped of all titles and privileges granted to you by the Government. Just you watch We have done things we can never take back. Leader I can't find the words to speak to them It is natural to mourn. As it is to feel intolerable emotions. The King! Your Majesty We have lost much, And gained nothing. But, we shall move forward! No matter who you fought against, That war happened, and now it is over! King No one can erase what has happened in the past! STAND UPON THIS WAR AND LIVE! He is great KINGDOM OF ARABASTA! And so a battle that would be written down in history And a battle that would never be spoken of again finally ended. Smoker-kun! What is the meaning of this rain? I hope you didn't use that Dance Powder. Moron. I know what a crime is. The King of Arabasta logically chose to protect his country without using that powder. Why would I ruin that? Pardon me. Hina contemplating. Such charming words now and again from the man they call the "White Hunter". Have you gotten rounder since I last saw you? Mind your own business. Nevertheless, wasn't this all a bit extreme? Using my elite squad for a mere ship hunt It's quite unthinkable. Hina unthinkable. We're friends from the same class at the Academy. Don't be like that. I always sympathize that poor Tashigi's troubles. But more importantly I want you to take this artificial rain ship to Headquarters. Why? Along with the prisoner Tashigi is bringing back with her, Crocodile. Enough of this. You think I'll do that just because you say so? Heads. Tails. You lose. You really are used to getting your own way. You haven't changed a bit since you enlisted. Hina despair. Yeah, that's fine by me. I know I haven't. This is an order. SERGEANT MAJOR! This is our CHANCE! While they're unconscious, we can take them- Right now, I will not allow anyone to lay a single hand on them! B-But why!? We've got them all here! Aren't we trying to arrest them!? F-Furthermore Leader Your wounds You'll be alright, won't you? You won't die, right? Listen, Toto-ojisan was Yuba was Vivi. You still worry too much about everything. No matter what happens to Yuba, That stubborn old man won't die. Leader And after all, I've got his blood flowing through my veins. As soon as I'm treated, I'll go back to Yuba. I'll tell the whole Kingdom about it. So don't worry. Okay. IT'S RAINING! Rain! After three long years, it's finally raining! Now the rebellion will end! Our foolish sons will return home! Rain! How long will that spirit of yours last, old man!? Yuba is finished! What are you going to do here all by yourself!? Are you going to die with the town!? OLD MAN! Look, Kohza. The rain is falling. Just three years. That's all it took. Right Rain? And the rain, no longer threatened, Withholding none of itself, fell endlessly upon the Kingdom. Vivi-sama? Are you still awake? Igaram. Can you not sleep? No I don't want to sleep. I want to watch the rain, just a little longer. About Pell That man was the noblest, stronger warrior I have ever known. Yes I wanted to say, "Thank you". There would be no greater honor to him. Captain Smoker! Hina-jou! Sergeant Major Tashigi has arrived! Good work! It's been a long time, Tashigi. Hina-san. Good day. I'm a little tired, so I'm going to rest for a bit. Captain Smoker, I'm back. Yeah. Good job. I heard about the business with Straw Hat. I'm sorry. I lent aid to pirates. They were in our hands, but I let them escape. These are disgraceful things for a Marine to do. Why are you apologizing? That was your justice, wasn't it? It was not. Sergeant Major It was the only thing I could do. Dogs that run away to lick their wounds have no right to speak of justice. That is a rule of this sea. Where'd that croc go!? Tell me! Even though I knew where the enemy was, I could do nothing but tell him. Even though I knew when the bombing would occur, I could do nothing but back them up. I had no justice to choose. Those who I had come to think of as the same level as myself are now dashing ahead and gaining an infamous name for themselves. On this sea If you don't dash ahead, you're as good as dead. They know that well. Go forward, or die? Who was it that decided to come to this sea? I'm sorry. I need to rest a little. Idiot! If those tears are so painful for you, Then become stronger! I WILL!! I bet you grunts wish you had guts like hers. Come on! Bring the prisoners on board already! Aye, Sir! Captain Smoker! We've received contact from Headquarters! This is the Marine Headquarters. Is this Captain Smoker? Speaking. In regards to your subjugation of Crocodile, You and Sergeant Major Tashigi are to report to the World Government so that you may be presented with medals. Subjugation? Hey, hold on! We didn't bring down Crocodile. Did you listen to my report? Furthermore, we have also decided to give you both a promotion in rank. The next concern- Oi! Listen! The people who have been fighting Crocodile and his Baroque Works this entire time were the Straw Hat Pirates! It's no use, Smoker-kun. The Government wants to cover up the events which transpired here. Do you honestly think that the Government can announce to the world that the collapse of Arabasta was averted thanks to pirates? The next concern is when you will be departing for your formal decoration ceremony- Cut the crap! Smoker-kun! Just accept it! You know what will happen to you if you anger the brass We brought down Crocodile? Because we DIDN'T do that, my subordinate is crying Oi, you. I have a message for those old geezers at the World Government. Yes? Smoker-kun! TELL THEM TO EAT SHIT! Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. What course can I set that will lead me to a better tomorrow? Taking the helm, I spread out the map of miracles I had shut in my heart Aiming for the sky, searching for a dream, there were times when I lost my way But this isn't a dream, I found a wonderful part of myself when I met you With a small bit of courage, I gained something large So now is the time to change my dreams into vows. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Let's paint a story of the future And put all of our thoughts into this new wind Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. I'll chase it anywhere, this Shining Ray!