Gasoline of a powerful sword! Capacity to slice the steel and the breath of any thing The hopes of the desperate people are being destroyed by a sand cloud. Some seek hope, and others try to keep a glimmer of hope. Their ideas were mislaid, and in confusion, the curtain of the history was closed on a tragedy. In order to save Arabasta, the companions continue the combat. Usopp and Chopper left victorious. Sanji overcame Mr. 2 Good Clay. And Nami also fights it, against Miss Doubles Finger in a combat with death. Take that! What? I was done trapped! Thanks to the invention of Usopp, the Climate Tact, Nami gained the victory. Now… only the result of the combat between Zoro and Mr. 1 remains dubious. If I include/understand well, your body is as hard as steel. To overcome you, it is necessary that my blades can slice steel. It is well that. The blows and the shocks which you can carry me do not even tickle me. I see. It is tedious that. As long as I do not manage to cut steel, I will not be able to beat you. What will you make then? Eh well! To have pity for you. What? Ca at the right moment! I awaited this kind of desperate plight! That will enable me to become even stronger. Because once I will have beaten you… I will be the man able to split steel. When you will have overcome me? We will have to check what your enthusiastic heat makes you say. But since the day when I obtained the capacity Supa Supa, and until now, none of those which proclaimed epeists were able to scratch me. As a epeist, you cannot overcome me. Ouais, I see what you want to say. But you would make better have these pretty memories for your album photo. It does not matter the number of epeists whom you fought in the past. You never met me front. Your language, it at least, is sharpened. I take that like a compliment. Bouffor of octopuses! How long will that last? Ca depends on you. Shit! It is well what I said. Even not a scratch. Ca astonishes me nevertheless. And it is the first time that somebody is raised after I would have démené myself as much. I suppose. You never met me front. I included/understood! It can transform all its body into frayed blade! There is no secrecy with its technique of sword! It… This guy… Fly away! I involved myself more than whoever… I was in situations close to dead… and I always knew to seize the occasion. Because once I will have beaten you… I will be the man able to split steel. None of those which proclaimed epeists were able to scratch me. What do I miss it? Sensei! Sensei!! I intended to say that there was a man in the world which was able to slice steel! It is true? Yes, it is one cannot truer. You are ready? Look at this piece of paper attentively. Sensei, it was pitiful. Listen well, Zoro. In the world in which we live, there are epeists who can nothing slice. However, these same epeists can also slice steel, or anything else which they wish. All that with the same saber. The most powerful blade is that which has the capacity to protect what you wish to protect, and to slice what you wish to slice. For me, a sword which wounds all that it touches is not… … not a sword. You include/understand? Sensei! I will become a man who will be able all to slice! Did Zoro, you listen to me? I think that it is time that you try to slice me. To limit you to box my attacks no scratch will cause me. Afflicted to say that to you, you will not even on the occasion to testify to my magnificence when I slice steel. Because when I slice steel, you will be spread out with my feet. Obviously. In this case, I all will slice here, to the smallest atom! A sword… which does not cut anything… Which waste of time. I all will slice here, to the smallest atom! A sword which does not cut anything. Who does not cut anything… Who slices steel… But does brothel, what that want to say? “Put all your forces there!” It is the gasoline of a powerful sword! I will not stop before having reduced to you in parts! You really start to inflate me. Similar for you. Just a small council. Do not see me like a epeist. Since I have a multitude of weapons able to tear your body of pieces. If are not to you a epeist, be to you what, an excavator? An assassin. Sparks? But do these tricks move at which speed? They will break. A work of excavation would be impossible for me. I transpierce all that I touch. Sea… One moment of carelessness, and it is death. You are always in life… I should not… turn the back to him! Why beat you with naked hands? I could not explain it to a dumb in your kind which does not even try to be a epeist. You would not collect. Ca does not interest me, in any event. Die in peace. Definitely… I do not have a chance with the rocks today. The guy! You ensure that Vivi return well! One finds oneself with the palate of Alubarna! I wonder… if they are always in life… How can you still hold upright? With these wounds… Did you avoid all these rocks which fell? I avoided… the rocks? Not! I knew… … where they were going to fall. My katana? It is under this rock. I included/understood. What does it manufacture? I already felt that before. The world becomes quiet. The beat of my heart is like a clap of thunder in my ears. It must be really that… to be about to die. I felt the presence of the rocks when they fell, as if they were alive… Not like a presence… Something of more distinct… A breath. The breath of the rocks… The trees have the breath of the trees… And the ground also has to it his… It is thus that! Listen well. In the world in which we live, there are epeists who can nothing slice. Nothing to slice… it is to know this breath? Here is capacity to slice steel. Dumb! What did you make? To box these attacks… To lose as much blood… You should be dead! I hear it. The breath of its steel. A katana follows the will. Very well. I will put an end to your poor wretch life good once for all! All that it remains to me to do, it is to see whether I have really the capacity to slice steel. I cannot believe that you can box my attack with only one saber. Not engraves. I will not box them any more. Then, you finally included/understood. Very well. I am grateful to you. I can become even stronger! It is true… Thanks to this combat, it was exceeded… And after… you will try to slice diamond? Ca would be waste, that. Congratulations