Luffy in anger! A dirty trick in a Crowned Duel! It received it on the helmet! If it had not missed it little, it was assured death! Which combat… Each attack aims the point vital of the adversary! And that made 100 years that they do test entretuer like that? But it is a good thing! One can escape now. Allons-y. Usopp? Incredible. Reason? I forgot it! They do not even have reason, and they continue to fight like that. Which combat the weak ones. Connery! It is a true combat of men. What do you want to say? It is as if they had a flag of warrior who floats in their heart. And this flag is even more important than their own life. They do not want to in no case that this flag falls. It is for that they have continued to fight for 100 years! You include/understand? It is not a revenge. It is a combat for the honor! Card-indexes me. Why would I be interested by such a weak trick? Hurry! I will remain still a little. It is exactly that. I want to become a “honest warrior of the seas”! I want to be a valiant knight and proud warlike like them! Hein? Then you want to become a Giant? NOT!!!! You did not listen to a word of what I said? You stays not judicious to look at them there? If these warriors have a village, I would like to go much there! I have a superb sight from here! They could see you, Miss Valentine! Dispatch you to go down! They is good, Mr. 5. They are completely absorbed by their combat. They do not pay attention to me at all. Do not discuss! Go down from there immediately! Well, very well. Well, just to know if you included/understood well.  200,000,000. Of course. Although I would not be charmed to obey the orders of Mr. 3. Ouais. Allons-y! Yes. We… remained too a long time distant from our fatherland, Dorry. This is why after you to have beaten, I will turn over to Elbaf, Brogy. You know what, Dorry! I have two small guests who offered gnôle to me! Super! Ca makes a lease that I drank some more! Give-me of too! It was what this noise? Initially these earthquakes, then that? Would there be things even stranger than these dinosaurs in this jungle? In any case, if I catch this trick, I am sure that I will beat this pretentious of cook. It was what this bird? This thing all maigrelette and at all appetizing. Even if I said that I would bring back a large prey, I am interested more by his quality. That one was large, but it was at all appetizing. This cretin cannot include/understand this type of things. Then like is that, these guests with you? There are a woman and a type with a long conk. Usopp and Nami! I thought that they did not want to go down from the boat! They did not can resist the call of the adventure either them! Does Ca want to say that this gnôle is with you makes some? In the fact, Dorry-San… It is true that it is necessary one year whole so that the Log is reloaded? You did not see all the remainders of the small men in the corner? The majority of the human ones which came here died before their Log was not reloaded. Some were used as meal with the dinosaurs, others succumbed to the heat wave, and y' has some which tried to attack us, but all died. It would seem that to spend one year on this island is too testing for human. What can one make? Even if one manages to survive one year, who knows what will arrive at my country during all this time? You are right. It is bloody long a year. Doesn't Y' have another means, Ossan? There is only one Eternal Pose here. But it indicates the direction of our island, Elbaf. The winner of our combat will gain this Eternal Pose. You want to try to take it to us of force? It is not the sorrow. One does not want to go over there. All that one wants is to go on the following island. Not true? Yes. If one deviates from the way towards Arabasta, there is no more reason to continue. You see? Eh why not to try well, then to find your way with the conk? If the chance is with you, perhaps you will succeed. Why not! One could do it! Ca recalls me it is very a long time, a type which left before the Log is not reloaded. And what did it arrive to him? How do you want that I know it? It must have succeeded in reaching the following island! Of course! What is there the funny one? How can they leave such conneries? Warlike brave men of the seas? About what you do speak? You two! One day, I will become like you! Hein? You want to become a Giant? You see? Not, at all! Like a warrior of Elbaf, I want to live a life of honor and pride! I see! Eh well, it is because we live much longer than you that we take care in the way in which we want to die. After all, the material richnesses, goods and the life end up disappearing one day or the other. But, for a Warrior of Elbaf, to die by preserving its honor, it is a worthy death. On the ground of Elbaf, this honor represents a treasure eternal. Is the honor a treasure? They is marvellous! It is decided! From now, you will be my Master! Giant-ossan! What did it occur? Why alcohol exploded? Did alcohol come from our boat? Ca exploded inside its belly! It is perhaps other Géant who trapped it? You BLIND ES OR WHAT? They have fought for 100 years, and you think that it would make a similar thing? But then which? It is you… It is not Brogy. We are both Guerriers valiant knights of Elbaf. The only suspects they is… you two. We must flee! It is irritated too much to listen to us! To flee will not be used for nothing. Take that and hides. Do not say to me that you will fight against him? I am afflicted, but I will have to fold back you your cackle. Both, stop! I beg you! Dorry-San, please, listen to me! One really does not know why alcohol exploded! I beg you, you do not carry! You calm! You do not see that you have serious internal damage? Poor wretches little runts… You believe… that you can leave yourselves there like that? Afflicted. LUFFY-SAN! A Fruit of the Demon… You have this kind to be able? Poor wretch small thing! Are Luffy-San, you well? Ossan? I believe… that it is alive. If you had not done that, it would never have been calmed. I am furax! This alcohol… as it said… It is not other Géant who did it. And it is impossible that one of my companions could make such an atrocious thing. Then… which? Someone else is here… on this island. The victory, that is also exploited the psychological level. In this moment, they are destabilized completions because of this unexplainable “Bomb Service” of an invisible enemy. One started with our first target, Dorry the Blue Ogre. I knew that the explosive load of the bomb would not have killed it. The explosion inside its belly however caused serious damage. We do not have any more but to await their next combat. While waiting, we can taste a cup of tea. To use a Giant to have the other, hein? Completely. It is an underhand manner to make the things. These warriors are not the so various only wild boars. As long as they are not attacked face, they are easy to beat. Consequently, even if we do not have their force, we can balance our chances by using our intelligence. It is not true. You cannot be useful to you yourself, Goldenweek Miss? And, how will you make to remove you from the pirates of Straw hat? Straw hat? Do Oh, you want to speak about small strike who discovered the secrecy of the Boss? Eh well, I believe that the strategy to divide for better reigning will be ideal. I reserve my “Service Set to them”. As I always say, it is necessary to use “the inventive solutions with the service of the crime”. There are so much ways of overcoming its adversary without raising the little finger. Mr. 3, a second. Yes, me too. YOU DO NOT HAVE SAME STEP TAKEN TIME TO ENJOY IT? The volcano… Ca wants to say… They are not good. Time is counted. Afflicted. Release me! I said that I was sorry! I do not have time to play! The gong resounded. And not only one piece of meat? Which good joke. Good blood… It is the signal. It is quite today excited. Where do you go? Your wounds of the last meeting are not… And then? My adversary is in the same state. There is no excuse to have in a combat without mercy, it would be a blow to lose the face! He! Wait, Ossan! Where you go? Do not move, Dorry-San! You rest! If you made too many efforts, you will die! I am the Dorry Warrior. And I will make in kind that this combat does not tarnish the honor of Elbaf!