The spirit of impostors! The heart of the rebellious army, Kamyu! With the kingdom of the Oases. Three years were passed since the last drop of rain. In a howl of sadness, this desiccated ground sinks from now on in an enormous wave of agitation. Having left the green city of Erumalu, Luffy and its crew… … move towards the oasis of Yuba, where the rebels are. , They came across the pirates of sands, bound a new friendship, and recovered on the way. Over there the village is which one calls Ido. You will be able to find water there. What? You do not come with us? We, the pirates of sands, will not go further. Since generations, we lived, died, earned our living on this sand. Did Ah ouais? Ouais, the desert is a free ground. However, there are those which cannot survive the difficult conditions of the desert. The village is full people like that. And now, that will you make? One nothing will make! Now and for always. We will continue to live freely on this sea of sand. It is like us! Really? They is cool! Hello, with the next one! Hello, Umbrella-Ossan! It was a sympathetic group… With is the fact, by where your brother party? I do not know. But does not worry you for Ace. It will be found early or late! Really, you made the pair with your conneries! Udon = Flat of Noodles Japanese Finally in short, we dispatch outward journey at the village of Udon. Ido. Ido? Ouais. C-C' is the flag of the pirates of sands! It is bad sign… J I must warn Aniki! Aniki appoints the Chief here, a brother (of weapon) We are really honoured that the rebellious army remains in our village! Since you arrived, Kamyu-Sama, the attacks on the village ceased! Ouais, whoever dares to defy us… … must really be stupid. Sonchou, let make us! You are right completely! But I heard that the hour of the confrontation enters the rebellious army and the royal army approaches. Won't Ca pose problems to you to remain here? One can eat all that one wants. I would like to never leave from here. Since it is like that. Even if us are called “the rebellious army”, we were not turned over yet against the King. Yes, the inhabitants of this village also make confidence with the King completely. We thought that we should treat the things as they come. You do not worry about that. We deal with all. We did not think of anything else when we protected our village. But exchanges some, do not forget to give us to drink and eat! Yes! Of course, please, you do not worry that! Good, eh well, excuse me, now I leave you. Kamyu-Aniki, if the army does rebel is turned over against the King, one will have to really join them? You laugh! This village will not be left as long as they will be useful for us. Aniki! Problem! There is a problem, Aniki! What is there? You cannot speak less extremely?! We are eating here! Pirates of sands! The pirates of sands come by here! You are sure? What do we have to make? About what do speak you? It is impossible that one can fight against them! And we cannot take our legs with our neck in front of the villagers either… Does He, Aniki what one make? Well, we will take our legs with our neck, foutre the camp from here. You flee!? But what will one make after being himself flee? Will one take again our lives of famished? Species of moron! It is more important to remain in life! There is full with other villages like that one to find! Go, one goes there. It rightly. Who are to you you? You have really courage to make you pass for the rebellious army with this attitude of coward. Four strapping fellows as you will make a so small thing. Who are you? Deal with your business! When did you arrive here? Robber of food! Another, please! Yes, yes, yes, yes!! Please, excuse to us our impertinence. Food is good, here. Yes! Thank you, Mister! I ask you to forgive us! I know now that you are not somebody usually! How you can see it, we do not make the weight against the pirates of sands! We need you to fight them! Please, lend to us your force! Eh well I think that I can help you… With a condition. Of course, which? He! He! Ace! It is there. What is it that this trick? Well, well. They said that the pirates of sands arrived, but they are only you, the guy. Hein? About what you do speak? If you sought the pirates of sands, they left there does not have a long time. Oh. It is true? It does not matter. At all events, Luffy be useful yourself! I brought back for you a supply of water and food! He, thank you very much! It would be said that one will not have any more problems of food before one moment. You are fantastic, Ace. It is to it him at least! Not as a little brother whom one knows. Ca goes, I included/understood. I have the very dry mouth. Oh, wood then! Me too! Um… Ace-San? I did not think that you had enough money to pay you all that… Please, do not say to me that you stole all that to this village… Of course that not, I had all that on behalf of the rebellious army. Does the army rebel!? Even if that appeared obvious that they did not form part of it. What do you want to say by “did not form part of it”? I say that they are made pass for soldiers of the rebellious army, and play the part of bodyguards for this village. The villagers were so grateful, that they did not think of it of twice. They are simply wandering brigands. But why be bodyguards? Won't they be uncovered? It would seem that the robbers, by hearing the name “armed rebel”, flee at once without fighting. It is rather practical, since the villagers are enthusiastic to offer food and glory to them. The rebellious army is not a band of brigands, or a decorative symbol which one exposes… Vivi-Chan, do we have to show with these types some tricks? Well, by using the villagers like preys, these robbers and this false army rebels are not quite different. But the village saw in peace since they are there. You want to always do something? But Ace, tries to include/understand what Vivi-Chan feels. Wouldn't you want of the tabasser? , Made well what you want. I said right what I thought. I do not want to hear your excuses! Right in the middle of the desert, I waited, only! You do not need to take party for these merdeux. I do not take party. I thought that it was simplest considering you are in a hurry. The country is not in state currently to have the eye on each village. The best thing to be made for each village is to maintain peace by their own means. Then… Not, I want to test them initially. To test? Yes. If these false rebels feel responsible for the protection of the village, then I do not think only the name that they are given is important. Thus you want to test their heart? Yes. I do not like to ask you that, but there is something which I would like that you make. All the pleasure is for me, Vivi-Chan! Yosha! Ca will become interesting! Will Ca be funny? Wait, Luffy! We there will not play, included/understood? I know! All that one must do, it is to beat isn't these false rebels? Cretin! Listen to it initially. He takes his time well… He said that he occupied himself some, but that made already two hours! With its force, it is certainly lathing the pirates of sands. Yes but vis-a-vis them, it is perhaps being made lath. If it were the case, would we be the next ones? I can about it more! Even if it is damage to leave such a place… it is more important to remain in life! It rightly. Kamyu! One counts on you! Will do them to you! For Kamyu, hurrah! Kamyu-Sama! Kamyu, banzaï! Will do them to you! One counts on you! Kamyu-Sama! Kamyu-Sama, one put on you! Frankly, we were going to call you, but… we did not expect any less, Kamyu-Sama! It seems that you knew already that the pirates are there. Pirates!? They is not the pirates of sands!? Yes, they are pirate truths. And they are much wilder than the pirates of sands! And this blow, they are special! The premium on them is of 30.000.000! Everyone is so excited by learning that you will put them of pieces! We expect an exquisite spectacle! Give all that you have! Them will make you, Onii-Chan! Do not lose against these pirates, hein? I will be as strong as you, Onii-Chan! We leave! Are A-Aniki, serious for you? Pinhead, it is impossible that Aniki is serious! Close it. Once apart from the village, we will run in the direction opposed to the pirates. It does not have there an other possibility if we want to remain in life, isn't this? It rightly! Shit! They follow us! These people are so carefree… Listen maintaining me. We will have only a few seconds. As soon as we know where the pirates are, we will run like nutcases on the other hand! Included/understood? We included/understood well. It left! One! Two! Three! Shit… Attack them, Rebels-Samas! Ca is enough now, morons! Who devil are you? He said rebellious? He! Sure B-Bien that not! We were right of passage. Listen, rot of pirates! The army rebels here present goes you écrabouiller in sand! You would make better prepare you! Can these idiots remain apart from that!? Forgive me for my insolence. Please, continue, Kamyu-Sama! Whatever the vision which one has of them, they seem to be a band of cowards. They do not have the air highly reliable. Yes… You are sure? It would be better for the village if they removed rust from them immediately. Good luck! Still a little… Let us wait still a little. Do not lose! Go ahead, Kamyu-Sama! Kamyu-Sama! Will do them to you! He! Thus you are rebels! C- It is not what you believe… Q-Q-that do make we, Aniki? There is no chance to escape. He, the guy! Ace-Sama…? Please, save us… It is your combat. Try to arrive there by yourselves. But it is impossible, we are impostors… If you are a man, launches out! For how long still will you act as cowards? What do we have to make, Aniki? Does what one have to make? We owe bluffer as impostors who we are. As impostors who we are? Species of fucked up the ass, guess what! We are not the only rebels here! Here in this village… … 100.000 of our companions are!! He, He. Even a child would have found a better lie. You can speak. WHAT!? 100.000!? Who could believe that!? It is obvious that it bluffe! What!? It is a lie!? Of course! Oh, it was only one lie… He! He you! How you dared to trap me?! Shit, they did not believe there! You thought seriously that they went gober that? What was it that!? It is the capacity of a fruit of the demon! It was made carry! Even the rebellious army does not make the weight vis-a-vis that! Luffy, dreadful idiot, if you beat them, it is the end! What do you have at the head? Kamyu-Oniichan! Do not give up! The pirate arrives! Continue to test! Onii-Chan!! It is true. When I was small, I admired the warriors of Arabasta. I always wanted to be as strong as them one day. Not… I am always the same one. I want to always be as these powerful warriors whom I saw, child. One day… For how long still will you act as cowards? Aniki! We are perhaps a band of impostors, but I want to become as strong as the heroes as I saw this day. I am only one hooligan today… But… Even if my dream cannot become reality, I cannot remove the dreams of these children over there. Even if I cannot beat to you now, these children do it one day! And in their interest, I will fight! If one remembers ego like useless hooligan, I prefer to become a hero now and to die! Aniki! This dumb… You think of being with the height? I will fight too! The dream of Aniki is my dream! It is sure, I made only unimportant things since I am small. But Aniki always defended the weak ones! I I will follow you, Aniki! Where that you go! I will be a hero with Aniki! This guy… He rightly, even if that is not used for nothing, I will fight. I will show you the power of my will! It is true! We could not flee even if we want it! The guy… The atmosphere changed, it seems to me. Although it seems more than they are desperate after being made drive back. Yes. But if you do not have anything invaluable at the bottom of your heart, you will be unable to change like that. Therefore, they make the deal? Yes, allons-y. I leave this task between their hands for the moment. He, we will beat a retreat! Reprocess. Pirates, who that you are! You bring! I will not let any among you pose a foot in the village! It is the spirit! Now, I am of mood to going to explode Crocodile! Ca made of the good, that made of the good! Stop jacasser and allons-y! Imbeciles! Be cursed, armed rebel! I never saw of all my life of the rebels who appeared also strong! I… am not able to say it… Await me! That… What doesn't go on their premises? Kamyu-Sama! You ace be brilliant! Cheer! Really impressive, Rebel-Sama! You succeeded! Thank you! You succeeded! Yo, Luffy! Oh, Ace! You intend to run for how long still? Is the number finished, not true? You know, people who throw their life as that is alarming! I see. Protect it until death! The Sandy ones! So long, Vivi. Become a large Princess!