The world Yes! Seek freedom, And your world will stand stretched out before your eyes. If the endless dream guides your spirits, Conquer it! Bear conviction behind your flag! I began my search,With a blast of water, Toward a boundless,everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light l've never seen When the summer-colored sun shakes the sall of my heart, It's a sign the door to a new world has opened Swaying between the waves, I can escape despair, For the horize on the other side is what I aim for! I began my search, With a blast of water, Toward a boundless, everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light I've never seen The first patient! Anecdote of the Rumble Ball I-It's too painful Stop it Eyelashes Everyone, wake up! Wake up! Good morning, Nami-san! Allow me a passionate morning kiss BASTARD! DON'T STICK THAT UGLY MUG OF YOURS IN MY FACE! THAT'S WHAT I WAS GONNA SAY! You bastard! An island! We're approaching an island! Huh? Island? ISLAND! Where's the island? Look there! I wonder if there'll be monsters! I wanna see some big strong ones! Please don't stomp on me Please don't stomp on me Please don't stomp out poor little life. There's no signs of anything strange. It's just a small island. Look at this, Nami-san! This fruit would be perfect for storing up! And it looks like the whole island's loaded with 'em! Oh, then we should gather some and stockpile them on the ship. I'll bet there's a lot more plants around here I can use. This island is like a cook's paradise! Alright. Then, Sanji-kun, you go look for food supplies. Your four do this. Huh? What? Drawing straws? The three who draw short straws will spend the day gathering fruit. The one who draws the long straw will stay here and guard the ship. And just why are you giving out the orders? That's a good point. Normally the captain gives the ordes, but Oh, they're all short! Why the hell did you draw three!? The one who takes more is smarter, right? Do you honestly think there's a captain on this ship capable of giving orders? No at all. Am I really that smart? No, you're not! I drew the long straw. Do I stay with the ship? Yep! So Chopper, you get to stay here. Hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up, let's go! Let's hurry and get the fruit! You're coming too, aren't you, Nami? Nope! I'm going to take some time out and survey the island. I want to draw a map of it! I can hardly wait! Later! Be careful! Come back safely! Take good care of the ship! The one who gathers the most fruit wins! Eh don't feel like it. Why do I have to take orders from that woman!? Alright, let's get going! Survey! Survey! Ah! Nami-san is so energetis carrying that surveying equipment on her back! Nami-san is magnificent~! Mellorine~! Mellorine~! Stop talking like a nut and get your ass over here! So I'm alone today. The ship looks a lot bigger when no one's here. Listen up, guys! From this day on, the mighty Chopper is your new captain! Hey, guys! Eyes up here! Luffy! Don't eat other people's food! Usopp! Get off your ass and work harder! Sanji! Make me something good! Captain Chopper, banzai! Banzai! How long have you been there? That was dirty, not telling me you were here Look I still don't trust you. You were an Officer Agent of Baroque Works. You're a crook, a jerk and a BIG OCTOPUS! I won't accept you. Even though Luffy's accepted you as our nakama I I'M NOT SAYING A SINGLE WORD TO YOU! Her specialty is assassination. And her ability is really powerful. I'd better be careful. I fell asleep last night after I finished these ten Rumble Balls. I'll use today to make ten more! I should make Rumble Balls whenever I can You never know when an enemy might turn up. But This reminds me of the first time I made a Rumble Ball. If I use a little of it at a time, Docotorine won't notice it missing. Doctorine usually mixes this and this, doesn't she? Oh? And maybe this one. I don't think she uses this one. Chopper, have you seen my medicine bottles? They're very important and difficult to replace. You'd better not be playing with them! Chopper! Doctorine sure scolded me that day. I wonder how Doctorine's doing. Maybe I should write to her. So you call it a Rumble Ball? So you're planning on discovering the secret of my Rumble Ball and assassinating me? That's not gonna happen! I won't be killed by you! RUMBLE! GUARD POINT! Hot! HEAVY POINT! JUMPING POINT! HORN POINT! Behold the power of the Rumble Ball! But I'm not done yet! I've known your weakness all along! BRAIN POINT! SCOPE! Weakness! Weakness What's her weakness!? What's so funny? You needn't give me such a fierce look. S-Stop it! Stop it! Don't freakin' tickle me! Stop it! You're so cute! I like you. C-Cute? Stop joking around! You liking me doesn't make me the least bit happy! Why would that make me happy!? Asshole! Asshole! Asshole! Ass- Well, shall we? We've no water left now. I'd like to have a cup of coffee before I continue reading. What's the matter? You have to fill that barrel since you spilled the water. A-Ah, right. Man! I can't get motivated to work in such nice weather! Wow, there's so many! They got me And then, I thought to myself "This is the end." "Captain Usopp-sama is finished!" "That Giant King Condor has mortally wounded me!" "I'm sorry." "I wasn't able to get any fruit" "Sorry." "It's fine." "Don't worry about me." I'm dead. What do I have to take orders from that woman!? Jeez, I can't stand it! SANTOURYUU Three sword style TATSUMAKI! Tornado The directional traverse is about here The right ridge line is 42º. My fever of love is 42º too! Please survey the heat of my love! You're in the way! Move it! If I'm the one who's supposed to fill this with water Why's she coming with me? What a pleasant atmosphere. S-S-So what!? Nothing at all. The weather is nice. That's all I meant. I just felt like going for a walk. It's really been too long since I last felt like this. I've felt so cooped-up every day for so long, I never really felt like laughing. Water! You said you'd been by yourself since you were eight, huh? Yes. I've survived by working with various pirates. Would you tell me that about her? The person you called Doctorine. You were talking about her a little while ago, weren't you? She's a doctor, right? Is she your teacher? Y-Yeah she is. Doctorine taught me everything! Everyone else calls her Dr. Kureha. Dr. Kureha? What kind of person is she? She loves to drink. And although she's a woman, she looks like a pirate. And although she looks like a pirate, she's a doctor! I spent six years learning how to be a doctor from Doctorine. Add these three herbs to the pestle, and then grind them together Chopper. Chopper! Have you finished with that meadical book yet? I gave you 500 pages to read. Hmph. You were up to mischief with the medicine again, weren't you? IT'S NOT MISCHIEF! What you're doing is the same as mischief. B-But But what? I-I've been studying for three years! I've read 200 medical books! When will you let me compound medicine? You need 100 more years of training! I've memorized everything in those 200 books! I really have! I even memorized Dr. Alexandria's Seventh Principle, and you told me it was the hardest one. "Tabo-tabo bacteria start to degrade on the seventh day of the culture microbe" as detailed in section 2, chapter 7, page 1254 "after the sign of overreaction appears" Hmph. So what? Doctorine! Are you alright!? It seems I've caught something from that patient I saw the other day. You have a terrible fever! Chopper, you've been making all these grand statements about your medical skills, so show something for it. I'll be your first parient. I won't give you even one piece of advice. If you fail, I will die. Learn through experience. Learn that medical science is a deadly fight with a patient's life. Can a blue-nosed reindeer win that fight? I'm sure now! This is Mondrin bacillus! The medicine which kills this bacillus This is it. Doctorine Don't die Please! Let me see. Aren't you going to ask what's in it? There is no patient who has room in their heart to ask such a queation. Illnesses can't be cured unless a patient completely trusts their doctor. How is it? Do you fell better? Idiot. No medicine starts working that fast. Let me sleep for a little while. Chopper! It was very good work, for someone like you. That was the very first time Doctorine ever complimented me. It was the only compliment I received in those entire six years. Instead of accepting me as a doctor, she trusted me with her life. That's Doctorine! She's that kind of person. I'll never forget. And someday I'll become a great doctor and make her proud! Oh no! I said too much Eh? We should head back. It'll be dark soon. I wish I had someone to write to. Like you have. Eh? Heavy Heavy And? Why weren't you two able to get anything? I'm not really sure actually. Back then, I thought to myself Just as the Giant King Condor attacked me "Sorry, guys." "I risked my life to get the fruit" "but I didn't make it!" Oh, I'm dead. On the other hand, Zoro did a really good job! Yep. You're going to have to continue on through the night now! Ah, Nami-san is so wonderful when she gives snappy orders! Shut the hell up! You lech of a cook! You lookin' for a fight, Marimo-head!? I was kidding! Anyway, we haven't had a day as peaceful as this for a long time! What about you? What did you do on the ship all day? Me? Nothing in particular But it's been a great day! What course can I set that will lead me to a better tomorrow? Taking the helm, I spread out the map of miracles I had shut in my heart Aiming for the sky, searching for a dream, there were times when I lost my way But this isn't a dream, I found a wonderful part of myself when I met you With a small bit of courage, I gained something large So now is the time to change my dreams into vows. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Let's paint a story of the future And put all of our thoughts into this new wind Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. A never ending journey to be together. I'll chase it anywhere, this Shining Ray!