The transformation into Nami! Bon Clay strikes with the Kenpo Ballet The hopes of the desperate people are being destroyed by a sand cloud. Some seek hope, and others try to keep a glimmer of hope. Their ideas were mislaid, and in confusion, the curtain of the history was closed on a tragedy. With the variation of the battle, the South-eastern door, Usopp and Chopper started their combat against the human mole, Miss Merry Christmas… … and the beater N°4, Mr.4. Usopp and Chopper, tired, in extreme cases of their power, finally left victorious. During this time, Sanji and Mr.2, Good Clay began their duel. Continuing to use the capacities of the fruit Basket Basket, Mr.2, Good Clay… … became a serious threat for Sanji! M- Nice! What of the mouth, isn't this? You do not have even any more the force to be raised! Do not believe that I will rest here and take that calmly! It does not matter that you resemble Nami-San, you are always the same idiot inside! Monster of shit! Do not believe yourself if… You! Shit… it is too nice…! Ah, it makes so hot in this country… It would be preferable that I remove this clothing… I can help you?! My eyes! Poor idiot! Your hard words are only stupid charades! Salt dumb… Y' in has to play enough…! You go morfler! Ah! Do not strike me! It is necessary that I begin again my will mascara! I played well with you. But I must go really there. We have order to kill Princess Vivi, above all. Thus I will finish some quickly if that does not annoy you! Tournicotis. Tournicotons! I adore to turn! What do you have says!? To explode the palate!? Yes, we received order to explode the palate. We will destroy the palate! It is not possible… They are serious? Will they really destroy this palate which crossed the ages during 4.000 years? Why? In this state… … it is hard to find the words. They is good. I include/understand. You had of another choice only to face the rebellious army. You did an admirable work of maintenance of peace with the rebellion during two years without Igaram. But, I am certain to be right. These people whom I met will save Arabasta. They are friendly truths. The guy, leave in front! All will go well for me! You ensure that it arrives over there without risk! Bring back Vivi at it! Made blunder! Listen, Vivi. It will deal with Crocodile. Time that the rebellious army manages to attack, time for this country is counted. If the royal army and the army rebel meet, it will be the end of this country. And if you are the only one who can stop them… … then you must remain in life, it does not matter the price to be paid. Henceforth, no matter what it arrives to us… … that does not have any more importance! They wanted to let me have their lives… I hope that they are well… Vivi-Sama… During the two years when I did not see you, you matured well. When we see finally the end of this conflict, I will want to organize a large banquet in the honor of these pirates. Chaka… Give me to eat. Once I will have exploded Crocodile, you will nourish me until I die about it! Yes, I believe in him. As long as Luffy-San will remain in life, it will be likely to beat Crocodile! Chaka-Sama! What is there? Did you really give the order to destroy the palate!? The soldiers started to gather the gunpowder! There must be an error! I am that which gave this order. Vivi-Sama! Please, set up all the gunpowder which you can. To put an end to this useless confrontation, and to save the lives of the people of Arabasta, I will destroy this palate! Hold good! It is not so serious, Usopp! Only tone femur is broken! Your nose and your humérus as your clavicle are almost foutus also… But your state is close to the threshold criticizes… Your blood pressure resembles that of a zombie, but… you do not have absolutely anything to fear! Ah… I feel so well now… I can see a splendid field of flowers! E- Do you see the paradise!? You can see the paradise!? It does not matter the large pirate who you could be, you will always meet the end one day. Do not die, Usopp… Please, I do not want that you die! Good-bye. Chopper, I bequeath you my large treasure. Fifteen gold and silver coins. Become a large doctor. Usopp!! Open the eyes! Open them! There is still something which I must say to you! Manjuu. Manjuu = Japanese traditional In-case lined paste of bean sweetened This manjuu that you were going to eat… I had hidden it. If I had known that you were going to die, I would have given you half of it. My heart is so surface and small… Manjuu. Manjuu… Manjuu… Shit, this idiot! Where devil did it go!? I however said to him to close it and to hide! She is really breakage-testicles! What a stupid woman! It is the end. I cannot run any more. I will have to beat me… Or not. It is time to finish some. If impatient. Zoro! The column crumbles all alone! All alone? Not. I heard the sound of a blade splitting the air. You me genes. You, isn't this sliced it? With this arm. It is a quite strange body which you have there. Indeed. I ate the fruit Supa Supa, and since my body is a blade. It, isn't this was you? The fencer who massacred our 100 employees with Whiskey Peak. And a few years ago in East Blue, Baroque Works sent Mr.7 to give… … an invitation with a certain hunter of pirates but it seems that he was made kill. It was still you. He, now I remember some. It was your fault, you had not accepted my conditions. I remember of what I had said to your man: “If I become the Boss, I unite with you.” That it is funny. Instead of accepting my conditions, it tried to kill me. Thus I did what I had to do. You want to try to recruit me too? I would not like even any more of the armchair now that I know at which point your Boss is stupid. You want to play the malignant ones with me? Poor epeist of so small and useless crew of pirates. And you, you looked at yourself well? A puppet without brain deluded by this “ideal nation”? Unless you would not be empty inside… an empty metal carcass! Miss Doubles Finger. “I will kill this type”, it is that? Go ahead. I will see the girl. He, Nami! She left… Tournicotis. Tournicotons! And to finish you, my 320.000 turns… Large Whip! Hold, hold… I have just seen his weak point. I saw the fault… … of its fruit Basket Basket. I saw the fault of his fruit Mane Basket. I was right thus. Considering the fault? It is not true!? How did you can find a weak point with my capacities!? You cannot use your Kenpo Ballet when you take the appearance of Nami-San. I cannot however still not overcome it. But at the moment when you are on the point of attacking me, you must take again your true appearance. By touching your cheek with your left hand, not true? Eh? What did you say? I do not hear you any more! He. I put in the thousand, one would say. And then!? You are right, you are right. Without my sublime body, carved day after day by strict exercises, I cannot control the techniques of the Kenpo Ballet! And then? You are already at the end of the roller! And moreover, wait to see that! Ballet Kenpo Preceded! And I think that you should know that: that on your left is a female… … and that on your line is a male. I of insane! How you want, species of uncultivated! How will you puff out that? What…! It did that of only one kick!? You were right! You were right to avoid it! At the end of this long flexible neck, there is a fatal steel nozzle! There is not the least crack around the hole! By condensing all my power in only one point, I am able to avoid making useless destruction. One of my kicks is as terrifying as a rifle shot. Except that the gauge is a little larger! I will make you full with holes! It is useless! Shit! It has a too long lengthening-piece…! The victory is with me! Jump, change. I will jump! But, with its lengthening-piece, that will take more time to him to go back in guard. If I avoid the first blow, I should be able to take it speed. Now die! Too bad! What do you say that? He! You ace a trick on your left cheek. Eh? Really? J- I go… Incredible… You are still conscious? What is there? If you took again the appearance of Nami-San, I could not complete you. Anything. I cannot move any more. What would I have to gain by avoiding the final blow? You gained. Kill to me. My destiny was to die for the organization… What do you wait? Go ahead, completes me. It was a beautiful combat. Not need to say some more. It is without any doubt a proof of friendship between rivals… But I should not cry! With more! I take again the glasses of our “gunner”. It… completed me… It would be said that I still broke bones… T-all the preparations are ready! We await your orders to light the wicks. This palate was impregnated 4.000 years of history of Arabasta. I am so proud. But if I destroy the palate, people will stop fighting and will look at me! I will be able to tell them the truth of my own mouth! Light them, now! Q- What is it!? Does that go!? … Sand… They is very tedious… You are rather bold, Miss Wednesday. Ca will be soon my house, you know. Crocodile! Your majesty! Father! This palate is not so badly. I have a superb sight of all these small shits in bottom. O- Where is Luffy-San? Hein? You want to say Straw hat? This species of beginner… He died.