In search of great adventures, Luffy and its crew have finally reached the celestial island, Skypiea. At this point in time Nami and the others are removed to undergo the Celestial Judgment. Luffy and the remainder of the crew goes on the island of God to join them and they face the innumerable ones dangers throughout the way. GOMU GOMU NO BAZOOKA!!! Meanwhile, Nami and others find on the Sacrificial Furnace bridge. These Priests are on this island, them too! And you are not supposed to attract you the lightnings of God! It is right good sense! Afflicted, I do not have ever venerated of God. Thus, Zoro, Nami and Robin entrusted it boat with Chopper, and entered the forest. It IS ME WHICH AM MORE IN DANGER! Chances of survival:10%! Satori, capacity of Mantra! Then, where is it, this God? Being God, it must already be in train observing our movements. Ca would go more quickly if it its bottom by here brought back. I prefer that it remains where it is! How must I say it to you so that you me listenings? God of this island puts itself quickly in anger! Oh, Lord God, have pity us, please Oh! And please, help me to find full with treasures. I knew that you will say that! In any event, to skirt river will not carry out us nowhere. Let us cross it to see a little what there is other side. Good idea. But, how will one cross? With lianas like presently? Or perhaps that there is a tree These bloody nuisances are there them too! I give up! I will not cross this river! I refuse to be devoured by a band of celestial sharks! But, it is necessary that one seeks the other side of the river too. Not it is not! If you want so much of there to go, Zoro, all alone go ahead! Hein? If you ace so much fear, were necessary not to come here as of the beginning! He! Ground here What does it have the ground? It is ground. Ouais, obviously. It is the ground. One is on the celestial island. It rightly. It is not soft whole. Oh, it is true. The celestial island is abriquée starting from îlonimbus. One would say that made of the years that I did not touch ground like that. Then, why this is island different? At all events, it would be said that there is strange islands even among the celestial islands. It would be said that is really worth the sorrow to explore this place. A crime of Class 2 Don't they know anything God? Choose your Ordalie. One makes you gift of it. To live in fished it is to live in ignorance. The way of your peace do not lead to the Paradise. Ordalie of the Marshes. Marsh! Ordalie of Iron. Iron! Ordalie of Wire. Wire! Ordalie of the Bubbles. Bubbles! You can choose only one of them! Then? What does one have to make? Ok! It left for Bubbles! bubbles! Why, Luffy? Ben, that with the funny air. It is that your reason?! It is of Ordalies! It is not supposed to be funny! But I am for the Bubbles too. It is the only one which the air does not have violent. I imagine For example If the Marshes are chosen I RUN! SOMEBODY! I have the feeling that if that one is chosen, one will start to run and one will be able to never leave. And Iron then? ONE SE WILL MAKE CRUSH! Rejected! It is too much risky! And Wire? Ca appears too easy. It is not not so dangerous for one! TOO MUCH HIGH!! Average step. On a side that seems not very dangerous, but other it is a little too suspect. A BUBBLE! IT IS ENOOORME!! It is can beings of round and soft spheres, but what would arrive if did one of them pass to us above? One must just pay attention. A choice should be made. One is there almost. Bubbles! Let us take the Bubbles! O-Ok! In such a situation, made confidence with the instinct of Luffy. Then it is decided. But not of imprudence. We are on the island of God with Nobody knows which bizarreries await us. ALLONS-Y! BUBBLES! He, Ho! Do not close them eyes now, driver! Even open, it is always very black! Ah, He. You know with what that makes me think? Q-what? You know why it there had four doors? One of them is the good one, and all the others are traps. Hein?! About what you speak?! Why you say that NOW?! And if one had taken the bad one?! If one were mistaken Ben One perhaps will fall celestial island. DOES NOT THINK OF it! I will fall from nothing the whole! separate from the Blue Sea! You ACE an IDEA OF the NUMBER OF TIMES OR MT LIFE GOES TO RAVEL IN FRONT OF YOUR EYES DURING THIS FALL?! SAME A FALL MUST HAVE A LIMIT! Stop with these conneries! It is impossible that NOOOOOON!!! CA CANNOT BE TRUE!!! One is alive. I believed that one did really one fall of 10.000 meters It IS BECAUSE YOU HAVE INVENTS THIS WEAK HISTORY, LUFFY! I flippé! I believed that one was going to die! Then, it is what this place? They are bubbles. Bubbles. They are small bubbles of îlonimbus. Too much cool! Large flocons de neige would be said! This place is really odd! It is funny! And Milky Road goes up through the trees Good, it is what the principle of Ordalie, then? No idea. The ideal would be that it does not occur anything, but I doubt that it is also easy. Perhaps that the good one was chosen! If one had chosen a different entry, perhaps that one would be undergoing a terrible destiny now, hein? Ouais! Perhaps that you are right! You see! Morons! Did not say silly things! Who could create a door well gaining for criminals? Reflect just a second! There must be traps hidden like presently. Remain vigilant. In any event, let us continue straight! I have soiffe. Let us take tea! Ah, it is an good idea. Make Peter the senbei in your bag! [Senbei:rice cookies to soya.] Ah, good idea! [Senbei:rice cookies to soya.] YOU THEM GUY Ben what, one cannot to eat a celestial senbei? Ouais! Let us eat! Let us eat! NOT! Ouais! Let us eat! Let us eat! Listen! I will continue to lead! You them guy, open the eye! Ouah, I had not realized that one was so high. They is curious They said that there were four Priests, I thus have thought that each of the four doors would lead to the one of them. Was I mistaken? He, Usopp! Passes! Of agreement! Ok, ok! Passes! I AI KNOWN AS OPEN the EYE! A snake! Dumb! RELEASE!!! He frightened me. It is what this brothel? SANJI! RIGHT IN FRONT! A CLOUD! SEND TO IT VASLER! Shit! All these floating tricks are thus eggs of snake?! Not possible WHAT SE PASSES WITH THESE BUBBLES, BROTHEL?! It is amusing to see what will leave! I name them the Clouds Surprised! Clouds Surprised? Heso! Who are you? Thank you to have chosen my Ordalie of the Bubbles! [Priest of Skypiea ~ Satori of the Forest] It is what its problem with this large heap? CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Is it one of the Priests? Then it is you Ordalie of the Bubbles! Be to you a Bubble?! DECREE OF DANCER! You ES WHICH, BROTHEL?! What? It with the air more stupid than I believed it. Nami and the papi did not have known as what were they super forts? He, bouboule! You ace interest so that Nami-san and the others are healthy and safe! Offerings? I do not know. If they are left all only, they will die. And so by chance they escape, they will die nevertheless! WHAT?! You would owe you rather to worry for yourselves. To be frank, you will have me to beat before being able to go further! I it arrives! Luffy, go ahead! Burst it! Ok! I will send it in orbit! GOMU GOMU NO Oh! You can stretch your members? GUN!!! SHIT! LUFFY!! Luffy? He! You are well, not truth? It is not a small blow of fist as that which will sound you! A punch? It is a little different of a punch. That there is if different?! A kick with the face, right leg. COLLAR What? A capacity reserved for those who practice art of Mantra. Impossible! It anticipated my blow?! SANJI!!! It is not a punch. Impact! The shock wave attacks your body of the interior. Shit Sanji, Usopp! Ca goes. But what it we made this dumb? No idea. He has funny trick in his sleeve. My name is Satori! I am one of the Priests to the service of our Very Powerful God, Eneru! I control Vearth lost Forest! The Lost Forest? Yes. It is the name of this forest. And it is your boat which is lost! The boat moves all alone! The boat now will travel without goal to through this forest, along Milky Road, until reaching only and single exit. If you would not know it To lose your boat with Dial wants to say to lose the road leading to the Sacrificial Furnace bridge. You must recover your boat before it is too late. Of course, this army of Clouds Surprised and myself drudges of you to prevent some. Welcome with the Crowned Earth prohibited, Upper Yard! Your chances of survival in the Lost Forest are of 10%. Ordalie of the Bubbles! Chances of survival 10% ZORO! NAMI! ROBIN! DO NOT LEAVE ME ALL ALONE! RETURN! Who will save me if I make me attack? It is because of Luffy which wanted to go on the celestial island which I must suffer like that I am sure that Luffy and them others are with our research. It is true. Luffy and them others will come here. Of course! I owe just me to clear up until they arrive! I will avoid the troubles and to await Luffy and others. And I think that I go to repair the boat too. Zoro entrusted it to me, after all. Good! When Luffy and the others will see good work that I made by taking care of the boat myself The hammer! I I must go to recover it. But Come now, if you made not quickly, your boat will be inserted very far in the Lost Forest! H-He, it is necessary to catch up with it boat or one will lose sight of the fact it! If one loses sight of the fact it in this forest, one will be able to leave never again from here! Wait, Usopp! Ca will be similar if one finds itself separate! Luffy, which made is? Recover the boat! I will give a lesson to the large heap! Can you really? Good fortune and pride are my allied! Somebody must stop this Daruma. [Daruma:round toy with rocker] Pay attention! This type has odd capacities! I will return as soon as I will have the boat! Ok Remain where you are, Bouboule! It catches the branch and then GOMU GOMU NO Still the same thing? GUN! Lighter! What doesn't go? You were not to beat me? Ouais! I said it, therefore I do it! I will not louperai you this time! GOMU GOMU NO It makes pretense that it is a blow of fist, but it is a kick. MUCHI! [Muchi:Whip] Lighter! And still! GOMU GOMU NO Where it is?! Where is the Small Corbel?! It should be caught up with! Shit! I cannot see it from here. Good! Make attention, Luffy! These Priests are not ordinary! It is necessary to find the boat and to release from here as quickly as possible! Shit! J-J' does not manage to leave it! You are resistant.