On their return of the sky, the crew of Straw hat attérit in full heart of the fortress marinades Navarone. Zoro was done captured. As for Luffy and the others, they infiltrated in the base. However they are about to have to face a great danger. The captured second nobody! Naval operation! The base n°8 of the marine. It is called also Navarone. It with the reputation to be the fortress best kept navy. It may be even that the general headquarter is in the central tower. But I do not know any more. That does not change anything the whole to the problem. Archeology, the fortresses of the navy, be really impressive for you, Robin. You are irritated? We were taken by storm. Reason moreover not to remain here indefinitely to observe the situation. I want right to know if Going Merry is intact. Where are you, Merry? It could be that the navy hid it. And then… It is not a reason to react also calmly! Even if you find the boat, what do you hope to make? You believe that the members of the navy will say: “Go ahead leave, I request from you”, while showing you the way? It is true… This is why, I think that it is preferable that one acts gradually, not? How could one continue to regard himself as pirates if they are feared? In the worst case, I make them my excuse. Will have you that with jetter an eye into soft on your side. IEA! Robin! Good blood but what you… You saw somebody?! Not, not yet! The crew of Straw hat surely owes terrer very close to here. We must capture them dead or sharp! Yes! Nobody can flee from here. One even succeeded in capturing Roronoa Zoro. Z-Zoro was… You are well? Length-conk. You ace heard what it has just said? I imagine that they envisaged something while making pass the boat of Straw hat for a ghost ship. They must seek us everywhere. You would make better worry you about your fate rather than of that of the boat. D-D' practice I would have acted like that… but there I do not have an excuse. The boat is more important than my life. It is decided I will find the boat. It is not the sorrow of me in empécher, I go there. Which desperate case… I carried out all this way since the base after the storm. And there is nobody to accommodate me. Standard He, you it over there! Yes! I came to meet the Commander of this base. Will prevent it that I want to see it immediately! Yes! Mister the Commander! Could you first of all decline the reason of your arrival within the fortress? Since when a subordinate as must it be to you with the being held informed of that…?! I am sorry. Could you indicate to me the name of your squadron and your title? It is necessary that you know it?! Will warn your Commander immediately! I am afraid well not to be able to reach your request. What do you insinuate by there? The Commander Jonasan is lunching per hour that it is. He must surely be in the refectory. Eh well, goes to the refectory! Euh… Aren't you informed of the rules of the base n°8? Rules? First of all, to wash the hands before eating! Secondly, never not to eat the remainders! Thirdly, never not to speak work with table. Fourthly, not to forget to wash the teeth after-to eat… That is enough! Does your Commander, regard as more important the fact of eating rather than to reach my request? Then? Yes. Completely. Well, I see. I will see the Commander in person. I also will give you a warning. You would make well think of the place where you risks to be transferred now. I have the impression that these beginners are confined to carry out of the useless tasks. And old fossil, which is a famous Commander… no beneficial contribution for the navy has. I would make share at the general headquarter of it early or late. This foutu pig. It will occupy yet this position only for a few weeks at best. Benefit well from food from Navarone during the days that it remains you. A hallucination. An inspector of the general headquarter of the marine. Well, I fell on the good pigeon. Ah, that they is delicious. Was that cooked by the famous cook? That has the same taste as what the others ate this morning. The guy, there are 100 people of the next group who wait. Dispatch you to finish eating! IMMEDIATELY, CHIEF! Forgiveness for waiting. Oh, Jessica. It is not the kind of dish which you usually make? What want you to say, Mister the Commander? It is that, it was reported to me that the food prepared by the cooks of Maryjor was marvellous. Then I was very excited to come to lunch with the refectory. But instead of that I… You do not like? As a Chief, I cannot to always cook the dishes… that you want to eat. Here a healthy and tasty menu. Go, profit. But there are only vegetables. I do not like broccolis and carrots. Which is the second rule of the base n°8? I included/understood. Look at, I eat. They is too good. Too much good. They is too delicious. You made super job. What does not go with the newcomer? He does not stop eating since the beginning. You do not trouble about him. It is a specialist. I do not think that it is made to be a chief in a base of the marine. It is impressing the difference which there is between you two. Everyone is admiring in front of you. Thank you very much. Well, I will reveal you later my secrecy. Could you hurry to finish the dish for the table n°8! Yes… YES, CHIEF! As long as it is for a pretty woman… I will do all that is in my capacity. Impressing! That with the too good air. It is included/understood, I will serve them. Wait. It is enough to see the dribble on your mouth to know that you will try all to eat in secrecy. Included/understood? YES, CHIEF! Did it really include/understand? The type of the eighth table… really much chance has. Do not prevent it pays great attention to its wife. Is Jessica-san, it your husband? You will continue with jacasser still a long time? Turn over to your furnaces! Who is this luckiest type of Navarone? It is the Commander of the base n°8. It is really the Commander? Good blood, Luffy. Here. Yes, it is well. You can lay out. Yes, yes Mister. They is as good as what one said some. Delicious. You do not want to let me eat in peace. It is exact. Let take some to me, crevard a little! I included/understood why you remained there. Shit, it is too late. Welcome, Luffy with the Straw hat. I am the Commander of the base G8 Navarone. Jonasan. CYB3RFR34K-ISO GOMU-GOMU-NO-FANSUB Straw hat. I do not wish to beat me in the refectory. But could I ask you a question? If I answer, you will be able to let to me eat half of it? And well I will give you even all. I am sorry to have you to treat crevard with the moment. Imbecile, hurries to flee. I did not seize the reason of your arrival here. I know that… it is well colonel Smoker who had demolishes Crocodile. But you had gone to Alabasta neither for the money nor for glory. What do you really want in this fortress? What did you come to make here? But about what do you speak? One fell here from the sky. It is too flippant Grand Line. I appreciate much the fortresses. As food is good I am too content. Listen to Straw hat. Even for a holder of a fruit of the demon… it is impossible to escape from the Navarone fortress. Impossible. I could escape to me from here if I want it. Even knowing that one arrété Roronoa Zoro. Zoro. The dumb. Uncle Fortress, where is Zoro? Why such a question? You ace not included/understood? And well, it is to go to release it immediately! Pas la pains to excite you. I soon will take you along to join. Useless to remain here longer, one goes there! Jessica-san… Then you really belong to the crew of Straw hat. It's a pity that a talent as the tien serf the cause of the pirates. Useless to flee. In Navarone, the cooks can fight like soldiers. I can also work in this manner, I know this kind of kitchen. Is necessary that I find a solution, I cannot attack Jessica-san. What I must make… I am too hungry! Ah, the hour of the meal, the hour of the meal! Y' has an excellent food since the arrival of the new cook. Prepare to eat! Wait, one has still something to make! One breaks! Straw hat! Uncle Fortress! With the next one! Our enemies make parties of the crew of Straw hat! We must remain in alarm constantly! In the name of the Navarone base, we must stop them! Yes! The soldiers of the navy are ready to risk their life. They is dangerous to remain so close to them. I would make well change my appearance. Perfect! Successful transformation. I will pass unperceived… Wait! A soldier of Navarone must act like the other soldiers of Navarone. Readjust your clothing. Yes. The small new ones are often rebels. Yes, I will in the future pay more attention. Ah… in fact… I would like to ask you… in connection with would the boat of the crew of Straw hat… you know where it is? Borrow the 6th staircase while following this road. Yes! Thank you infinitely! I will see that. He, it is the shipyard… I will find well all alone! Me-Merry! Thank you. God thank you, you do not have anything. I repaired it. A light sailing ship with a bar of weak tonnage and a robust rope. In spite of its a little retro style, it is a good boat. Who are you? I did not know that you were a new recruit. It is exact. This boat surely failed here of force. Though it underwent several repairs but it is good job. Its owner likes it much, this boat has chance of it. How do you know all that? That it is a ship of the navy or a ship of pirate, it is the same thing for me. I manage to guess all that with the first glance. I am charmed to intend it to you to say! Cretin, it is not with you that I launch flowers! It is not serious, I appreciate you enormously nevertheless. Be to you that new, avoids having cheeck. You still made not the difference between a ship of the navy and a pirate boat. Major Drake. You must still have patience a week to know the evolution of repairs. Lately, the members of the navy seem to embark on defective ships at the time of their missions. With the result that the engineers are very occupied. There is no concern. I did not come for that, old mechanic. I am there for this type… He you! Yes! Be to you of which unit? Euuuh… You do not know your unit? Euh… I believe well that it is eighteenth… Eighteenth it is that of the tireurs d'élite. Among the rules of the units it is formally interdict to go to the shipyard. Euh… afflicted, I had forgotten. I go immediately within my unit. It is not worthwhile! Pas la pains?! Embark it. Qu-Qu'est-ce-que I made?! Stated that one put the hand on one new soldier of the quite equivocal navy. Moreover, the eighteenth unit is not that of the tireurs d'élite, it is the unit of reserve. Really? Yes, yes, it is that the unit of reserve. Stop, band of imbeciles! Where do you believe yourselves? It is a place crowned here for me! I will not authorize you to make run, would be this only one drops of blood! Arrange your sabers. Take it along in the Commander. Yes. Hmm, this man. Commander, he claims to make party of the marine. But obviously with what occurred, it is clear that it belongs to the crew of Straw hat. Say to me… your name. Your name. A secrecy. From which do you come? A secrecy. Why you went exactly there or the ship of the pirates was. A secrecy. A secrecy? Yes. Let us put it in prison. Let us torture it. Not, wait, Major. I intended to say that a special inspector of the navy arrived at the same time as Stanberry this morning. A special inspector? Co… Commander… The inspector acts secretly and in total anonymity. And undoubtedly he will not say to us from where he comes. C-how…? It is impossible. This type?! You saw just. As you suspected it, Commander… I am the special inspector of the general headquarter of the marine. Usopp captain! Is there something to announce to the level of the base n°8? You have proudly to protect the honor from the navy? And its ethics? Here thus the reason why… I disguised myself as a private. Forgive us, Capitaine! How this is possible… what he is the special inspector of the marine? It is a row higher than that of basic Commander. Do you say the truth? You? You?! You are only one simple Major. How oses you to speak to me about the kind? How? You will be sent in front of the cour martiale for insult towards your superior. But… Will have you surely the right to eat the food of the prisoners of the marine. Forgive me, Capitaine. I wanted to precisely accommodate you on your arrival, but I was late. Please excuse me. It is not serious, it is not serious! As long as you excused yourselves. Commander! The special inspector of the navy has just arrived! Lieutenant Shepsherd is there! The true inspector is there? I knew it! Dumb! You ace played well the comedy. Forgiveness, forgiveness. Where passed your arrogance, hein?! Forgiveness. To dare to say that suited you to make me eat the food of the prisoners of the marine! Forgiveness, forgiveness. Forgiveness, forgiveness, I am really sorry. You have us Bern so much so that you were dedicated respect. Do not believe to draw you with excuses. Forgiveness. Only by seeing you I knew that were to you a usurper. Charmed you to meet, Commander Jonasan. Be ready for you to undergo the hell? Dumb. Robin? One will not forgive you! Hein? Then? Hein? Hein, where your arrogance passed?! I see, Robin disguised myself. Biiien! I guaranteed to you that you you will not leave there like that! Ah it is you Lieutenant. You are you also come in Navarone. Ah, it is me, it is me! The Usopp captain of same department of inspection that yours. Perhaps you do not recognize me because of my ridiculous disguise? Lieutenant Shepherd. Do you know the captain? I never saw it before. You see!!! It is me! It is me! He! He! Imprison it! I from there will inspect myself Navarone now. Please make as on your premise, Lieutenant Shepherd. Thank you infinitely. The bitch… If is not to betray his/her comrades that?! You think the same thing, Zoro?! Shit! If Robin had agreed to follow my plan… I would have to surely recover Merry. You should thank Robin. What do you tell? Why you protect it? I am here also, not? I included/understood. And then all will be well with Zoro to my sides. But then Robin thought of me. But… let us be us in safety here. I should not inspect too much by here. Where is the exit? There is of them obligatorily one. Zoro!!! Zoro, be to you where?! Zoro!! Close it! Why you do as much din?! Come, by here! One also has just captured a type with a length-conk, after the arrest of Zoro. The remainder of the crew of Straw hat must be in the parrages. Find them! Yes! What will one make, Capitaine? Straw hat and the talented cook. The epeist and the length-conk. The doctor and the unknown nurse. And… the last… is saying Lieutenant Shepherd. They are Sept. I am certain. The ship and two men were captured. The remainder of the crew of Straw hat is under my control. What do you hope to make Monkey D. Luffy? Show your force to me. Luffy come to help us! Luffy does not move! Finally if come! Does Zoro, what one make? I do not know, say to him to come if that sings to him. But not… Await the guy, I come you aideeerrrr… What you ace? Ah I see, of Kairouseki! Zut, it is a trap! Soon in One Part: The desperate decision of Luffy and Sanji! The army maneuvers of rescue! I will become the lord of the pirates! The army maneuvers of rescue! The desperate decision of Luffy and Sanji!