I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! I shouldn't have come! Come down from there at once. You sassy Blue Sea dweller! I'll cut you down! You sassy Blue Sea dweller! I'll cut you down! You sassy Blue Sea dweller! I'll cut you down! SIX FLOWERS! TWIST! What a cruel thing to do What a cruel thing to do Have you seen the Flying Blade Attack? ONE-SWORD STYLE! HOWLING BURN BAZOOKA!! LUFFY VS WAR DEMON WIPER DAMMIT! That guy He killed Sanji first! It's no good! His heart stiII isn't beating! Oi! Sanji! Sanji! Sanji! Damn If only Chopper were here If only Chopper were here Wait a second, Usopp! That's his right! His heart's on left! His heart's on left! His heart's on left! His heart's on left! His heart's on left! His heart's on left! IT'S BEATING! Thank goodness! He's back from the dead! But this is serious! He might still die! WHAT!? CRAP! THIS IS BAD! Enel! Enel! You needn't be so resentful. We have not seen each other in so long. Why wouldn't you be happy about it? Well Gan FalI? H-Hey! Bastard! What did you do to Sanji!? J-J-J-Just try that again! My 8,000 followers wiIl have you surrounded in a heartbeat! But I-If you run away now, I-I'll let you live. How about that? How about that? He ran away? Fiend! Fiend! Stay quiet and I won't do anything. understand? Good. Who is this guy!? What did he just do!? Just what do you mean by coming here? In the si years since we took controI of this isIand I've had your former subordinates working hard. The Enforcers under my command The Enforcers under my command The Enforcers under my command The Enforcers under my command Their strength is impressive. Their strength is impressive. Truly, men of talent. But now these six de pressing years of hard labor are finally coming to an end. Consequently, so is my need for this island. I have come here to bid you farewell. That is all. I must say, the people of Skypiea are blissfully ignorant. They see this island as nothing more than a clump of Vearth. What do you mean by that? The reason we seized this isiand The reason the Blue Sea meddlers are here The reason the Blue Sea meddlers are here The reason the Blue Sea meddlers are here And the reason the Shandians persistently try to take it back And the reason the Shandians persistently try to take it back And the reason the Shandians persistently try to take it back And the reason the Shandians persistently try to take it back And the reason the Shandians persistently try to take it back In other words, the one reason anyone seeks to claim this island! We seek the city that flourished on this island long ago on the Blue Sea The legendary City of Gold The last remnants of Shandra! Gold? What is that? That's why I call you blissfully ignorant! That's why I call you blissfully ignorant! The only beings who don't know of the existence and value of gold are the people living with it right under their noses. are the people living with it right under their noses. are the people living with it right under their noses. Interestingly enough, we are now in the Final Game. Interestingly enough, we are now in the Final Game. Interestingly enough, we are now in the Final Game. Interestingly enough, we are now in the Final Game. Interestingly enough, we are now in the Final Game. The one who is victorious in the Survival Game shall claim the fortune of gold for their own. The one who is victorious in the Survival Game shall claim the fortune of gold for their own. The one who is victorious in the Survival Game shall claim the fortune of gold for their own. The one who is victorious in the Survival Game shall claim the fortune of gold for their own. The one who is victorious in the Survival Game shall claim the fortune of gold for their own. Can you hear it? The jubilant sound of our festival! As a matter of fact, I am also a contestant in this event. I must be going. Wait, Enel! The Enforcers! Will you release the Enforcers? That is for only God to know. WAIT, ENEL! He disappeared Usopp! Thank goodness! His heart's still beating! Thank goodness! His heart's still beating! GOMU GOMU NO FUUSEN! Give it up! No matter what you shoot me with, whether it's cannons or rifles, You won't even scratch me! So it would seem. Time to change the style. What's this smell!? This Breath Dial contains gas. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. This weapon is known as the Burn Bazooka. By igniting the released gas, By igniting the released gas, By igniting the released gas, By igniting the released gas, It fires a blue-white flame which incinerates anything in its path. It fires a blue-white flame which incinerates anything in its path. It fires a blue-white flame which incinerates anything in its path. What is that thing!? It burned right through that huge tree! Huh? He's gone! Where'd that guy go? Where'd that guy go? GOMU GOMU NO PISTOL! GOMU GOMU NO STAMP! That was close! That was close! That was close! GOMU GOMU NO YARI! If you like bazookas Mine's bigger! Straw Hat! GOMU GOMU NO BURN! BAZOOKA!! BAZOOKA!! Straw Hat! Damn that guy! What's wrong, Straw Hat!? I know that wasn't enough to kill you! Yeah! Damn straight it wasn't! What happened? Where'd Straw Hat go? Where'd Straw Hat go? Whatever. This isn't the time to be wasting my energy on him. This isn't the time to be wasting my energy on him. This isn't the time to be wasting my energy on him. This isn't the time to be wasting my energy on him. More importantly I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. I need to save enough strength to reach Enel. If i use the Reject one more time, My body will be reduced to ashes. Just you wait Enel! Had enough? Damn. We can't let him go any farther! Shut up! I'm here for Enel's head! You're in the way! You're in the way! You're in the way! You're in the way! You're in the way! You're in the way! Another one!? These piece-of-shit Enforcers aren't worth my time! These piece-of-shit Enforcers aren't worth my time! What unusual cannonballs you have there. Nothing that dense naturally exists in the sky. Are they made of that Vearth mineral, iron? You made quick work of my men. You made quick work of my men. You made quick work of my men. You made quick work of my men. I recognize you as one of Shandia's strongest warriors, I recognize you as one of Shandia's strongest warriors, I recognize you as one of Shandia's strongest warriors, I recognize you as one of Shandia's strongest warriors, I recognize you as one of Shandia's strongest warriors, Genbou. Chief Enforcer Yama! Out of my way! Out of my way! Out of my way! Damn you I'm not dying like this! dying like this! dying like this! dying like this! dying like this! Oh, still alive? Tenacious, as I would expect. very well. To reward your strong resolve, I shall finish you with my axe. TEN-FOLD! CURSE YOU, YAMA!! AXE MOUNTAIN! What a pity. And After he came so far. What!? Who are you two!? Don't ask stupid questions! Don't ask stupid questions! Don't ask stupid questions! Don't ask stupid questions! We're Enforcer clones! We're Enforcer clones! We're Enforcer clones! How dare you hurt Satori, our big brother! How dare you hurt Satori, our big brother! How dare you hurt Satori, our big brother! How dare you hurt Satori, our big brother! How dare you hurt Satori, our big brother! How dare you hurt Satori, our big brother! How dare you hurt our big brother! How dare you hurt our big brother! How dare you hurt our big brother! How dare you hurt our big brother! What brother? I don't know him! Like hell you don't! My name is Hotori! My name is Hotori! My name is Kotori! And our third brother was taken out by you guys! Like I said, I don't know him! Satori was one of the four Priests who serve Enel. His domain was the Lost Forest. So, he's the Priest who Luffy and the guys beat? Yes, the older brother of these two. Well, look at that! Well, look at that! You really do know! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! WE'LL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS! PIERRE! We must deal with these two quickly and pursue Enel! We must deal with these two quickly and pursue Enel! If we do not, he may harm my former subordinates! Stand back, my dear! Even with my injuries, I will not lose to the likes of them! No! Sometimes, it's me who has to protect them! who has to protect them! very well. First, we must determine what Dials they possess. Alright. Let's avenge our brother! finally stopped. Where am I? Oiii! Guys? You here? It's me! If you're here, answer me! If you're here, answer me! Guess they're not here Guess they're not here WHERE!? WHERE!? Where did it go?! G-Gedatsu sama Y-Your eyes are rolled all the way back. You cannot see in front of yourself like that. How careless! Please look at this photograph. Right here. That furry little guy. He is one of the BIue Sea dwellers! What? He isn't a tanuki? A tanuki? No, he is no wild animal. There can be no doubt that this creature came from the Blue Sea. Luffy! Where are you? Zoro! Are you still asleep? Robin! Come quick! Isn't anyone here!? Isn't this were we're supposed to meet!? Oi, guys! It's me! Where is it? Where'd it go!? SCARY! W-What's going on!?