The plan of Eneru God come to a end. Will run as far as you will want it populate sky! It is the ultimate song of Skypiea! Festivities of dancing angels of the sky! You over there, you already saw the expression of one mortal who loses balance suddenly? You all, please! You must join Cloud End on bank of the cloud and to flee towards Blue sea immediately! Eneru God with the intention to destroy this country! While remaining here, NONE will not survive us! You must be solved to leave this country! Whereas inhabitants start to flee, Luffy and Eneru start finally the combat! It IS YOU THAT ONE CALLS ENERU?! IN WHAT ES YOU GOD?! You go soon the knowledge. EL THOR It is that! The lightning does not have any effect on him! It is out of rubber! Luffy is perhaps only on ground with being able to beat Eneru Its natural enemy! Maxim flies away! The Beginning of Deathpiea!! Rubber electricity does not lead. The attacks of Eneru will not have no effect on a man-rubber band! It should be able to beat Eneru! What are you thus? Dumb! I am Luffy. Pirate and man-rubber band. Rubber band? I see! There is no rubber on the Sea of Opal. The lightning WILL NOT FUNCTION!! Mantra Gomu Gomu No Muchi [Note:Muchi = Whip] [Note:Yari = Lance] It anticipates all them movements of Luffy! Luffy! Do not over-estimate yourself. I can reduce to you in crumbs without using the lightning. When I know that some thing does not function, I adapt my style of combat. To touch me will not go either! Shit! It can anticipate my movements with this odd capacity! The lightning does not go. The physical blows do not go. What rubber? Not, a minute. It is a Paramécia type. I already saw the extent of his capacities. GLOAM [Note:luminous metallurgy] I do not have time to play with people of your species! Its stick It transforms it into sharp weapon? Regard that as one form solid the lightning! As I thought it, you are sensitive to the piercing attacks! Ouais. DO NOT SAY TO HIM! Gomu Gomu No Gatling What? It disappeared?! Luffy! Behind you! It passes through gold?! It is HOT!! Electricity alone does not have an effect, but if I make it circulate in my launch to heat it, I can Gomu Gomu No Ono [Note:Ono = Axe] Salt snotty-nosed kid! Gomu Gomu No Gatling Gun It is not like if you had several arms! Luffy! Tourism on the celestial island You came to bad moment, inhabitants of the Blue Sea. I am God. I can do everything to fold with my will. I will create soon my ideal world! A boy who arrives like that of the Blue Sea without having the least idea of this world will be never able to stop me. Then? Want you to join me and to attend the eradication of this country? Impossible MAX 200.000.000 VOLT VARI Bird-horse-chan ! The Arch moves! What does one make? Luffy! Nami! See! It flies away! Here the Arch which will carry out me to infinite ground, Fairy Vearth! Maxim! It rises! Oh not! Oh not! Oh not! Oh not! Oh not! We must go down from this thing! L-Luffy! Hurry to finish Eneru! Ah, have-have-have-await one second! If it beats Eneru the Arch will fall? Ah, but if it does not beat it, the celestial island is foutue. And then, if we remain here Who knows where we go? What makes one, Luffy?! We are Stop taking the head to you. But It is Be to you a partner of future King of the Pirates. Do not make this pathetic head. The King of the Pirates? And which country it does king control? He is the king of more large sea of the world! A creditable title. Now, I believe that the sky the conclusion of our combat waits! CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Look at, Bird-horse-chan! The Arch stopped! It was wedged in Vearth and cannot go up higher! But it is right a question of time! It continues to return inside! Not question! One cannot! If one goes there, one would be just awkward! Luffy is a warrior of the Blue Sea! One never should intervene in a duel of warriors! The celestial island will fall from the sky! It is the end! You put at the shelter! Please evacuate more quickly possible! We, the White Berets, we go you to help to reach Cloud End Step pity, you dispatch! Quickly! We do not have any more time! We must We must save all the lives which we will be able! Gurudin! What do you make? Hurry to flee! I believed in a God so a long time. If God considered to be necessary to take our lives, then we must accept it. Eneru This man does not have any right to have our lives! We all must survive and to continue to live! Please, flee! And by pity, screw! Grandfather. Grandfather, quickly! Heso! Captain! We go to the Shandia village! The Shandia village? If nobody goes them to inform, they will die! We all go us to escape together! Shandia are human, just like us! Go ahead! Circuits for the ultimate function of the Arch were engaged, and they turn to full mode. Its ultimate function? Its name is Deathpiea. It is the name of the despair which will be the saver of this world! What does it prepare? Now, Deathpiea Start! It is what that?! A cloud? Clouds? Chief! It occurs something in sky above Upper Yard! In the sky? Ouais, it is suddenly put to make black. It is the first time that one such thing arrives on Skypiea. I have a bad presentiment. It would have arrived some thing with the warriors? Yes. So that such a thick cloud is in sky above the Sea of Opal Everyone, quickly! What is it? Sky! The sky becomes black! Quickly, will run! What?! Wait! Are they? It is that. They are clouds of flashes. By using my energy, Deathpiea combines extremely intense drafts and produced clouds of flashes! Clouds of flashes? Soon, when clouds will be in charge of energy, they will wrap all Skypiea in darkness. And I could then create incommensurable striking down flashes and to destroy any trace of this country! And to show you Ca came from Upper Yard! With the boats, quickly! That everyone remains calm, do not panic! Sink in Cloud End! Would be cursed, Eneru! Eneru What did you make? I teased a little the angels. Then to be God allows you to take what you want?! Exact. The life and the ground belong to me. Now, I go also to take your life! The festivities just started! Dumb! C-C-CHAUD !! Heat, heat, heat, heat, heat! I used my electricity to heat this lance! HEAT!! Shit! I can nothing make for this trick of prediction of movements? I found! Gomu Gomu No [Note:confused] What you insane, Luffy?! It uses its reflexes for to avoid the attacks unconsciously! Not, it acts like a grass bit, oscillating in the wind instead of being opposed to him! He does not think! It is for that Eneru cannot anticipate its movements! When I disconnect my brain I cannot attack. IMBECILE! If I could catch it, I would have an advantage. It is that! [Note:Tako = Octopus] NOOOON!!!! Stop with your stupid ideas! I see that you do not like my Mantra. That goes without saying. It is the base of my incredible capacity! This position will go! Gomu Gomu No No matter what you tents besides your immunity with the lightning, you remainders an impotent mortal! Tako Why the Arch?! [Note:fires of artifices] Poor insane! You do not even try to touch me! Or then you test to destroy the boat? You will not arrive there! Of course! The rebound! The punches which rebound on the walls are not directed by the will of Luffy! I will not leave you to leave again! GOMU GOMU NO Have-await! BAZOOKA! Oh not! It charges! To flee I must flee! GOMU GOMU NO It arrives! To flee! FILE [Note:File = Carabine, rifle]