RAIGOU Angel Island was destroyed The ancestor of Papi Head-of-Diamond was not a liar. Then Then this Papi and monkeys in low must know the truth! The Gold City is in the sky! I cannot let Eneru take it! The sound of this enormous bell will be enough powerful to be heard of anywhere! It is for that I go to make sound the Gold Bell! Cut down Giant Jack! The ultimate hope of escape Even the door of the Paradise was destroyed instantaneously. Isn't Angel Island there any more? But where we will live? For the moment, all that we can make, it is to join Cloud End and to flee towards the Blue Sea. There are not an other choice. But People are still wedged on the Sea of Opal! Nothing for them can! Without Milky Road, How could we go down with the boats on the White Sea? Then one will give up them?! How is this possible? Sea of Opal Skypiea disappears Then here. Splendid! Here what made the pride large city of Shandora The Large Belfry! Splendid! That is appropriate to me perfectly, with me Very Powerful God. It is the bell which sounded it beginning of these 400 years of war. But They fought so much, then that soon, all will disappear. All their efforts will be vain. Luffy, one cannot reach it! The arch of Eneru floats close to this cloud. Luffy Eneru had to find Gold bell now. Even by lengthening your arms, you will not reach it from here. If it seizes some, I will take it again to him! I borrow it to you! It is too distant top of bean. What can we make? How could one reach it? The guy! None among you will escape from it! Neither you, nor those of which I still perceive the bass voices! It is that. They are not yet escaped. The others are still in bottom! Made blunder! Another trick is falling! What? With cover! A sheet? Hein? There is something of writing above. A message! It is on behalf of Luffy and Nami! Does that say what? Cut down giant bean towards the West. WHAT?! And then to what that will be useful? He. Where is the West? He, be serious for you?! Where is the West? I think that the arch of Eneru is in this direction. All my objectives were achieved! All that it remains it is to use this Raigou to destroy this country and Cumuloregalis then to leave for Fairy Vearth. I am almost sad of me to separate some! Eneru! What a demon! It is still larger than presently! There is no more no means to escape from this island! Good-bye, Skypiea! It is even larger than the other! Dumb! You are right. Considering it found the Gold Bell, this country is not useful to him any more with nothing. One sees clearly in his play. If he believes that one goes to let slip by with, it will have a surprise! Won't Nami, you flee? How can you say that now? You want to make sound the bell, not? Ouais! I will sound it! Good, and as you do not know not to lead Waver. If I give up you there, you go to continue to try to climb. I can take you along with me and to spin you a knack. But! You must promise to me how I will remain in life! Ok, not of problem! Let us do it! Ca will be played little. And one will not be entitled to the error. I hope that the others will have had the message. CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB They will run along bean and to cross while jumping towards the arch?! I see that. They lost the head. Of agreement, then goes up to stop them. How if I of be able! In any event, insane or not, it is our only chance! Q-Q-what ?! Length-nose-kun ! They is good, I have it! If one remains here, one goes to fall into the ruins! You move away from bean! Will run towards the dry land! I will do it! I must just cut down is the bean, it that? He! The only ones with being able to reach Eneru before it launches this trick on all the celestial island He, Zoro! it is them! Even with two fingers of death, you continue you to discuss and to run. You still did not include/understand? While penetrating on these grounds during the Play of Survival, Your destinies are dissipated like smoke. II it goes to make?! Go! You are the only one who can cut down it! You ace finished with your whores of holes?! Ouais, it cut out it! Zoro! Poor wretch maggot. SHIT!!!! Mr.-MR.-but, it cut out! It cut out it! Oh not Look at! It does not fall! But it cut it! This filth is solid! It is really a plant? It had only what it deserves. Foreigners, you came to line your nose in our business. Wiper! You cannot! The calm one! This bell incarnates the will of Karugara and it is with us to sound it! Why Straw hat should make it sound?! Let it make, Robin! In any event, it will not be able pas l' to stop with its wounds. Now, all is owed to make to cut down this bean! Luffy and Nami count on us! Zoro already cut out us half. This entire trick must to start to waver. With the explosions mortals of my Dance of Kayakuboshi, This thing will howl of pain while being crushed on the ground! I am the showpiece of this crew of pirates! Robin, deals with your comrades with ground! [Note:Mochi:rice puddings] With the attack! An explorer of the Blue Sea lied while affirming to have seen the Gold City. Its kingdom made fun of him. But its descendants believed in its words and continue to seek Cité d'Or in the Blue Sea. To sound the Gold Bell their will state that Cité d'Or is in the sky. Straw hat and it boy divide this opinion. [Note:Gunpowder star] Don't a valid reason, you believe? It is rather romantic. In spite of the situation, using of its last chance of survival, it does not give up. It is as if it had lost the head. hissatsu kayaku boshi [Note:Star mortal of gunpowder] [Note:Rubber band] dobikkuri kayaku boshi [Note:Surprised star of gunpowder] And which is the name of its descendant? Montblanc Cricket. And its ancestor of 400 years ago Did this ancestor name himself Norland? Wiper? That there is, Wiper? This would be a miracle? Large Karugara Warrior! Good It is time to proclaim until the fine bottom of the skies, Nora! We will sound the bell that you like so much to hear so that Norland can hear it! It is what? It was what? Even this large tremor does not have not succeeded in reversing it! Blasted plant! I will launch you one triple shooting which goes Release. Karugara The descendant of your friend always waits to intend to sound the Gold Bell. These people are good! Reject But it was what that?! Wiper! What a madness! Reject Dial! NOW TOMB, GIANT JACK! IT COLLAPSES! It is reversed! Go up, Luffy! Give all that you ace! To be honest, I never led it Jet Dial at full speed. Because It is so powerful that I have evil to control it. Then it is the occasion to see that! OK! It left, Luffy! Ouais! It collapses! Look at! That it occurs over there? Go, Luffy! Nami! If the celestial island is destroyed, We will not be able to sound the Gold Bell! It should be sounded so that Papi Does cricket can hear it, hein? Now, sink towards the arch of Eneru! GO! ALL RESTS ON YOU! Go! Let us go, go Why they do not wait what my Raigou is ready? That these mortals are impertinent. They do not leave me the choice. A trick prepares! Forget that! I can divert all what it launches us! Even not badly! Be bad for you! To try like that to reach me is of a stupidity without equal! You will include/understand your silly thing. MAMARAGAN It tests to collapse bean by destroying the base. Do something, Nami! You want that I do what?! One is already climbing! Without the ground which supports bean, N will never go rather high! One will not reach Eneru! The flashes strike any Upper Yard! Luffy! Nami! Even if my flashes do not have any effect on you, that is not used for nothing if you donot can reach me! Fall down and awaits the end of my Raigou, Man rubber!