Luffy and its crew succeeded to escape the White Berets. At this point in time a creature of God appears and removes Nami and three other members of the crew. In any case, if one wants to find our companions and our boat It is necessary to pass by the main door. Here thus Ordalie that one must undergo The Celestial Judgment? Yes, you must face the power unimaginable of the four Priests of Upper Yard. What? Then it is all considering. To make short Botter is owed is the bottom of these Priests, it that? You take that with light like always. The things become interesting. raburiitoori No wana Trap has Lovely Street! Eneru, Very Powerful God zennounaru goddo eneru He, Luffy! You await us, yes? Hein? What? You ace disappeared from a blow! Where you go like that? Did Nami say it, not? While remaining here, one would attract troubles with Conis and Papi. Yes it is true, but you go where to the Juste? Where one must go. The Sacrificial Furnace bridge. And how do you hope to go there? YOU DO NOT HAVE THERE THINKS! Is just enough to steal a boat and to take Milky Road. How one will make to steal a boat? YOU DO NOT HAVE THERE THINKS! One is more on the Blue Sea, you know. This old chart does not inform us precisely on the geography of Angel Island. One does not even know how to borrow Milky Road. Ah, not of chance! Everyone Conis-chan! You made all this way for us to wish good luck? My father asked you to me to lead to the Sacriciel Furnace bridge. Oh, Pagaya-san? I will guide you to the quay of Angel Island. I will find you a solid boat. Ah, that it is a good plan! Not like this moron without brain which directs us. Ouais! I SPOKE ABOUT YOU! The fact of being able to make things with Conis-chan returns to me so happy! Isn't this, Luffy? Good, since you came us to help then, allons-y! Of agreement! You will not escape! To ensure me that you will undergo the Judgment Celestial, I will send to you to Upper Yard. It is what this place? It is Lovely Street. After having crossed Lovely Street, we will arrive at the quay. They move already towards Upper Yard. We do not need to follow them like that Close it! All other inhabitants of the Blue Sea were similar. They believe initially that it is one venture dream and they fanfaronnent. But when their lives are in danger, they start to cry like babies and try to flee. Really delay me to arrive at Upper Yard! Perhaps you risk to die over there. Ouais, one must all die one day. And doesn't that disturb you? Not. I am very excited! Species of idiot, do not joke with that! Think a little of Nami-san and Robin-chan! And in Merry, Zoro, and Chopper too! You do not worry for them?! J I am sorry. They is cool here! Lovely Street is only commercial street of Angel Island. Look at! Y' has shops who float in the airs! They are made of one special variety of ilonimbus. Does Y' have stores of Yakiniku here? [Note:Yakiniku:Roasted meat] Here they are. Continue to go! Leave quickly from here! They avoid us? It is not astonishing. Our reputation precedes us. We are criminals. It is cool that! One with the main street of the city only for us! All the angels avoid me He, they sell full odd tricks here. They is super! So only I had a little money! Perhaps I will be able in to buy if a treasure is found! One would say a store of Dials! If one equips the Vogue-Merry with two of these enormous Breath-Dial, it will go perhaps too quickly how one Waver! Luffy, one does not have time to have fun! Nami-san and the others are prisoners in the Sacrificial Furnace bridge! You want really to save them? To save? As I said, they are well! Zoro is trapped with them! Do not trust this moron! I hope just that the boat will not suffer additional damage. One really does not have it spared lately. Oh, Y' has a trick in the middle of the street! Too much is delirious this head! It is what this trick? A woolly seal? An old woman would be said headstock in terre cuite But it is surely monk. Moron! It is art! I know what I speak! It is Vearth. The incarnation of the eternal hope of the inhabitants of the skies. Vearth? Eternal? You hope for you also a long time? You are not Nets! Yes, I imagine that it is not easy with to include/understand for the inhabitants of the Blue Sea. The quay is by there! One from goes away already? Of course that yes! One did not come for that, not truth? One can remain here still a little. It would be said that went. They went directly to the quay. We are safe. Y' has full with boats! Several kinds are found boats moored here. Ca goes from the boat-hotels where you can sleep  with the boats with large speed equipped with large Dials. There are several other models Look at this gondole! Too much terrible! That one is taken! Look with the back! Y' has this trick to advance all only like Waver, not true? Ca will be a voyage delirious in gondole! Moron. One will save Nami-san and Robin-chan! Would be more serious! Your boat is by there! Of agreement! Ouais! I am very excited! Which kind of gondole it is? The Small Corbel! It is a joke?! A corbel? It is not a bird which goes on water. I used it before to be able to control Waver. It is not as fast as Waver, but it is equipped with two Breath-Dials. Please, take-there! Not, I do not go there. CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Not, I do not go there. I knew it. At the last time, it takes fear. Everyone is due to the life. I want to take that one! It was right selfishness?! You do not like it? I am sorry. But Species of ungrateful! Excuse yourself! Present to Conis-chan sincere excuses! Excuse yourself like a man! Do not pay attention to its selfishness. I am sorry. Well You can leave it port by the door number 2. You will lead to Milky Road which leads to Upper Yard. I it is enough for you to follow it. He, Conis. Yes? Why you tremble like that since one did leave at home? C this standard What does he say? You find that I tremble? Ouais, one would say that you ace fear of something. Impossible It cannot! Conis-chan! You worry for us! It is so nice of your share! But Will Ca go for you? People of the city us fled like the plague But you us ready ton boat And you show even the way to us. Won't one believe what are you our accomplice? Your face  is very pale. If you were afraid, one would have been able to come here by ourselves. Not I It is not what you believe! It does not go Do not say anything to them! It is rather strange You to show politely road towards Ordalies. You to lead up to now. While saying to you that them Ordalies were worse than death. As if I led you to it. , STOPPED YOU! DO NOT SAY ANYTHING STUPID! It was what that? It could be what are they all in the blow? But why? We would not have! These people-there are different. Even if they there are not taken along, they will go nevertheless in Upper Yard! Yes, I would have liked that it is true. Ca would have avoided me having with to make you carry this burden. But all those which came previously were similar. Once their short period of dissipated excitation They start to privilege their lives rather than their dreams or adventures. It is for that, that they must be led over there. In Upper Yard. Please, forgive me, Conis-san! It is the duty of our people! It is its will! Do you want to escape to you well from here? I am so sorry! DECREE! WHAT YOU SAY?! That which called it Lobster Super Express train  it was me! The lobster which removed Nami-san and others?! You did that, Conis-chan?! Indeed. When you were far from the boat I lied and I said to them that it there a driving current at the edge of the Clouds had. I made them weigh the anchor. It was the signal so that it Homard Super Express train arrives. Small cretin, you want to die?! It was your duty! If criminals are met, one is obliged to lead them to the Earth of the Judgment. Or if not we are killed! Keep silent yourself! You know at least what you say?! It is a sacrilege towards God! You of it seize! It is the duty of our people! C-C' is not believable! I am sorry! It is if embarrassing All this! Idiot! You did not have the choice, not true?! Then WHY YOU SAID It to US?! They have some after you, now! Not! It is too late! You move away from it! The Judgment soon will fall! Pas la pains! They is too large! It is what this brothel?! But, what occurred?! Luffy! Conis-chan! He, where are you?! LUFFY! CONIS! Ca is not used for nothing. Very Powerful God Eneru observes us. They are all the two safe ones. It is Gan Fall-san! This odd Grandfather! Odd? I am the Knight of the Sky. It is a service. I am so happy, Conis-chan! I deal with the girl. Eneru will not be able to attack it with new as long as it will be with me. Ouais. You discovered truths feelings of this ground. As well as the capacity of God. What will you make? It does not matter what occurs here. Our companions are on the Island of God. I see. How the chance is with you! What will they become? They chose the way that they were to follow. It is not your fault. I know who you are. I am the Knight of the Sky. Not We all know it. Return us, please God. Everyone on board! Start when I push! You come too! Well, on the way for Upper Yard! NOOON! They from go away! Without the least hesitation!