The Admiral is quite solitary. Yes, it made all this way until on this remote island, and it was made a good friend… It doesnot can any more what think now. And tomorrow, we leave at dawn. The villagers are ready to kill us then we cannot speak to them. And they did not sound the bell today. Do not show yourself! You for you come repentance?! Eternal friends! The bell of oath resounds through the sea! He well, it is really one sad way of saying goodbye. Excuse me… Doctor? MUSE-chan? Do I can speak to you? It is made pass for a botanist?! Norland! If this is a sacrifice in the name of “progress”, one should never have accommodated you here! Ancestral Trees? Yes. We think that the hearts of our ancestors died on this island… follow the sound of the bell for to come to rest in these trees. Our legends all say that them ancestors since the Old one of Shandora… resident inside these trees and take care on us. These white trees are crowned in our eyes. For Shandia, the forest ancestral Trees… is rather important for to be protected from our lives. They were crowned for us! And cut we them. The warriors were furious and they would have attacked you… One will expel them this island! But you saved life of the villagers. I see. It is thus this driven back anger who is the cause of their contempt. Even if that belonged to your research on the forest… Even if you did not know… The rage of the villagers will not calm down. Then, before you do not leave… I wanted that you know the reason. He! Hoist to me that! Trees where resided their ancestors? It is really heavy! Yes! Attach that quickly! It was thus for that. We have made the irrevocable one. The villagers have raison d'être in anger. But, Admiral… These trees were… Pas la pains to find excuses! I have make a thing that I cannot assume! The tinkling of the bell… who represented the pride of the city… and guided the hearts of theirs ancestors towards this island was destroyed. All these trees in which these hearts resided… our hands were cut! It is an unforgivable act! Admiral… You all, listen! WHAT?! ONE DOES NOT CARRY GOLD?! Norland and its crew are on the point of weighing the anchor. MUSE, from which do you come? If… If one of our invaluable trees… had been devastated by a terrible poison… and that this tree… all the forest would have contaminated, and perhaps even, our people… If this poison would have decimated the whole island, and that we knew what would have occurred… About what she does speak? It is what this nonsense? Then… what we would have made… with this invaluable tree?! Dad, please, go ahead! You must stop them! Rubbish! You know what they did! If you them leashes to leave, you will regret all your life! He is the friend expensive that you never had! We will inflict wounds with the heroes of Shandia, and never they will not cure! What want you to say?! I know that it is not an excuse, but for the honor of the Admiral, I believe that I should say it to you. This forest of which you speak had already died. The true danger of Fever of the Trees… it is that it is rather powerful for to infect as well the plants as the men. The Admiral risked his life in order to convince you because it was aware of this dreadful reality. Of the man to the forest, then forest with the man… In this way, an small island would be completely devastated. It already arrived. But you do not have with you to make some. Yesterday, all the forest was screened. We did not only know this forest was so invaluable, And we should have spoken to you about it. Good, it is not with that only we will be forgiven, but… the botanists do not destroy never the forest without reason. The Admiral respects them gods and deaths. But it always knew… what was most important. Then, they made that to protect us? Dad! I am afflicted, Norland! You DOES NOT GO from THERE! You did not forget anything? If… Stop groaning. It is like that. Good, the anchor is weighed! All at your stations! We leave for the Kingdom Lvneel! (ya not a lapse of memory of letters ds the name there? ^^) Ouais! NORLAND! I have made a serious error! WAIT PLEASE, NORLAND! Hoist the veils! What? The bell sounds… SOUND it! We are afflicted, Norland-san! Draw more extremely! Norland and its crew must hear it! Admiral, look at! NORLAND! Karugara… RETURN TO SEE US! Norland… I will await you on this ground! I will continue to make to resound the bell… so that your boat finds the way! So that even in full storm, you can find the way of this island! I will sound the bell and will await you! One will be re-examined… MY FRIEND! Then… I will be able to return? I will return! I swear it! I will return! ONE SE WILL FIND! CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB North Blue - Kingdom of Luvneel a man named lived Montblanc Norland. Norland was an explorer who liked to make the account of fantastic adventures. And people of its village never knew if he told the truth or if he lied. One day, while returning of a forwarding, Norland went to present his report/ratio to the King. Although it was destroyed a long time ago, the city preserves all its pride and its beauty. The city of Shandora! It is really the City of Gold! - 5 years later - Marijoe approved your forwarding on Large Line. I name again you Admiral vessel of forwarding. Lord, I accept with honor. However, this time this boat will be equipped with my soldiers… and I will accompany you personally. Included/understood? Yes! - 1 year earlier - The Arrival of Norland - Karugara! Seto? You will make sound the bell? I will help you. He, Nora, you seem happy of to live in the ruins. He, when you believe that Norland-san and will its crew return? You requests always that when you come here. He will come when he is ready. He was born very far from here in the North Sea. And it has a family in her Kingdom. But, we made a promise. If we continue to sound the bell, they will return. What it is?! They are not ordinary darkness! Come, Seto! We must protect the village! Why? The island stops here. Salt dog! You oses to disappoint me?! WHERE IS GOLD?! Where is the village? Something arrived at the island! Karugara, if you are always in life, lets hear it to me! Sound the Gold Bell! By pity answers… with the Flame of Shandora! Public execution of Norland is about to start! He, By here the guy! Six years ago, on the island of Jaya on Large Line, I saw the Gold City! The Gold City exists! We will listen to the continuation of one of those who accompanied your forwarding. Is its testimony true? Not, it is a web of lies. What! Is Norland-san a liar? Then, all these stories that it we told are lies? What a horrible man! He made accept all the kingdom how it was a kind of hero! Who is this witness?! It is not our companion! Didn't you see Karugara and his tribe? Admiral, that it occurred?! Retain them. Shit! The guy… Explorer Montblanc Norland. For the high crime to have disappointed the King, you are condemned to death! LIAR! The forever lied Admiral! Admiral! LIAR!! God, it is enormous piece of Vearth! You hear that? Song of this Vearth. It is the birth of a crowned ground! It is… the place where I should live! What… did it occur? What? I breathe with difficulty. Is everyone well? You awake! You awake! You occupy casualties, quickly! Karugara, of the intruders! This Vearth will be with me! I am God! You are God?! You with the combat, warriors prepare! We cannot them to let take this ground! I promised it to you, Norland. One day, we will be re-examined. Karugara… Where are you? When you return in Jaya… What you will think when you will see us parties? Wait still a little. I you will make it hear soon! “We are there”! Es you still in life? I have to say to you so much. Karugara… I fear the worst for you. We will be re-examined one day on this ground, Norland! LET US LIGHT THE FLAME OF SHANDORA! The Large Karugara Warrior continued to howl these words during the battle. He thought that to sound the Flame of Shandora, even once, would say all to them. “We are there”. But, the Bell did not sound. Years later, a boat coming from Mer Bleue brought news to our village. Our saver, Norland, pride of our city… was treated of liar, and died, without to never deny the existence of Shandora. But, even if it were too late, the Large Karugara Warrior continued to be a large warrior, here in the sky. Its failure to deliver its feelings… was… the greatest regret of Large Karugara Warrior! Can that still reach it? If the Bell sounds now, Will these words reach Norland? They would have. We are close to the Paradise, here. Wiper! If you fled not, you will die! He! Wiper… Eneru! What gives you right all to take? It is the sky! The field of God! All this is only one affront! People, trees and ground! It is necessary that they turn over to their place! They will become a rain which will fall down on the Blue Sea! Quickly! Angel Island is on the point to sink! We have many accidents! Bring them to the boats, and look after them directly over there! Will run! With the sea, quickly! I shiver while thinking of what would be arrived if this girl had not convinced me. Is it healthy and safe? She already took much altitude. In little time, the arch the summit of bean will have reached. What can seek Eneru well up there? He wants the Gold Bell hidden in top. A Bell? You save now, the angels! You are anything else only of tiny ants now. Turn over to your place, Skypiea! What it is?! A hole open in the Sea of Opal! This old Divine Sanctuary is not useful to me any more with nothing. Nor the city of Shandora in lower part! There is from now on only one thing which interests me in this country! The Large Gold Belfry! I hear two votes which approaches. Brothel, how it can to run also quickly? Nami, I hope that you are well! And I will not leave you to take the Gold Bell, Eneru!