Seeking to lay claim to the fortune of gold, Nami's escape team and Luffy's exploration team split up. Promising to meet at the east coast, they set out. Promising to meet at the east coast, they set out. Promising to meet at the east coast, they set out. Promising to meet at the east coast, they set out. In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, In an unfortunate turn of events, while walking towards the ruins to the south, Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Luffy and his team were attacked by a giant python and separated. Oh my. I'm back on the course, but no one's returned. Perhaps I'm lost. Huh? Huh? Sa-Save me! Where is everyone!? Eh? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. Nevermind. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. They can take care of themselves. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I've already memorized the map. I go right. Those guys They went and got lost. I'll just head to the ruins and wait for them. I'll just head to the ruins and wait for them. I have to go directly south, And that's the direction that feels the warmest! And that's the direction that feels the warmest! And that's the direction that feels the warmest! This way! This way! This way! This way! This way! At the same time, Wiper and the Shandian warriors were on their way to God's Shrine to defeat Enel. But, using his all-seeing Mantra, Enel had the Priests open their Ordeals across the whole island. The survival game has begun. The survival game has begun. The survival game has begun. THE LIFE-THREATENING REJECT! WAR DEMON WIPER'S RESOLVE THE LIFE-THREATENING REJECT! WAR DEMON WIPER'S RESOLVE THE LIFE-THREATENING REJECT! WAR DEMON WIPER'S RESOLVE THE LIFE-THREATENING REJECT! WAR DEMON WIPER'S RESOLVE When we first met, I acted as a mercenary because you people of the Blue Sea are unabIe to combat sky warfare. Sky warfare What the heck's that? Hm, perhaps if you move that barrel over here. Barrel? Now watch. Why are we doing this? You will soon see. Hit that shell as hard as you can. Hit that shell as hard as you can. Be gentle, Sanji. If you put another hole in the deck, I'm gonna put a hole in you! Hit as hard as you can! Hit as hard as you can! Hit as hard as you can! Hit as hard as you can! Hit as hard as you can! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Don't abuse other people's ships! Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Well, if you're sure, here goes. Wait! Wait! Wait! You don't need to wind up into it! What was that? I know I told you to hold back, but that was just sad. You didn't even crack the barrel underneath it. No I put everything I had into it. Like I was trying to put a hole in the deck. OI! It was like the shell absorbed the impact. Huh? Now, face the shell's holes toward the barrel and press the apex. You know how to press it, I believe. You know how to press it, I believe. You know how to press it, I believe. You know how to press it, I believe. Here, right? Here, right? Here, right? Here, right? Here, right? That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. That is an Impact Dial. It absorbs impacts inflicted upon it and then releases the energy when pressed. It absorbs impacts inflicted upon it and then releases the energy when pressed. It absorbs impacts inflicted upon it and then releases the energy when pressed. It absorbs impacts inflicted upon it and then releases the energy when pressed. It absorbs impacts inflicted upon it and then releases the energy when pressed. It's often affixed onto the palm with a glove or a bandage. It's often affixed onto the palm with a glove or a bandage. With a direct hit, it has enough power to kill a normal human. With a direct hit, it has enough power to kill a normal human. Usopp, this thing Yeah, that dango Priest was using one! Yeah, that dango Priest was using one! Yeah, that dango Priest was using one! It isn't a punch. But why didn't you say so!? That scared the hell outta me, old man! I have also heard that in ancient times The Reject Dial was to uted as releasing But, that overwhelming power was a ou le edged sword which also jeo ardized the life of the user. As can be expected, it was rare y used. Are you telling us there's shells that dangerous!? They're like weapons! I thought Dials were just everyday things. They are. But anything that is thought to be convenient will have a way to be miss used for harmful purposes. The effects depend on the person who uses them. The effects depend on the person who uses them. The effects depend on the person who uses them. The effects depend on the person who uses them. The effects depend on the person who uses them. Dials are very useful. But when used in battle, their power can be drawn forth. For exampIe, the Heat iaI used for cooking can be placed inside a lance and used to produce heat. It then becomes a pyro lance The Heat Javelin. Or the Flames Dial which stores fires. Or the Flames Dial which stores fires. Or the Flames Dial which stores fires. Like the Priest you see using it before Yeah, Chopper told us about him. And that's sky warfare? Yes. Those from the Blue Sea who do not know of Dials cannot see through these tricks. There are also the many forms of manufactured clouds. The Priests have forged them into forms they can controI. Anyone unaware of them will be helpless against them. Then, is there something behind that Mantra thing that guy used to predict our moves? Mantra Mantra Mantra Mantra Mantra Mantra I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. I myself am unable to use it. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. It is rather difficult to expIain. Mantra is known as the power to hear. It seems that as long as a person lives, their body emits a voice. A voice? A voice? A voice? A voice? A voice? A voice? Yes. By hearing that, you are able to know your opponent's next move. With training, one can even hear those voices over a large area. With training, one can even hear those voices over a large area. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. The Priests can hear across all of Upper Yard. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. Enel is able to hear across this entire land. The nature of that power is unknown. Because of it, the people here will never have a peaceful day. I wonder if they've made it down yet Yes, they are lying in wait. The three Priests have set their Ordeals. And Chief Enforcer Yama has taken the 50 Enforcers with him. God, this has become an all out war. Is it really necessary to be this extreme? The Shandians and a few Blue Sea dwellers are hardly worthy adversaries. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. But a festival should be exciting. And you are underestimating the potential warfare. And you are underestimating the potential warfare. And you are underestimating the potential warfare. Potential? Yes, exactly. You'll see soon enough. Banana. Now then Our forces are comprised of the 50 Enforcers and the 3 Priests. Including me, that makes 54. Including me, that makes 54. There are 20 Shandians heading toward the island. Or, wait, it's only 3. That old man can't fight anymore. All together, there are 81. This will be a battle to see who is left standind. Shall we guess how many will have collapsed in three hours? Shall we guess how many will have collapsed in three hours? Shall we guess how many will have collapsed in three hours? My word, are you starting on that sort of game aIready? Come on, lighten up. Oi, you take a guess. What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? What? Y-You mean me? Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Please, I know nothing of such things Huh? What's wrong with you? You're no fun. You're no fun. You're no fun. You're no fun. You're no fun. You're no fun. You're no fun. You're no fun. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Just take a guess. Any guess. Then you. OOkay What I know is the 50 enforcers and the Three Priest are really well trained They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, They are not easy to take down, But the enemy possesses enough power to rival the Priests. In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it In three hours, I believe 30 will fall, making it Or maybe 50 I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? I see! 50 is it? But isn't that a bit high? You're not taking this battle seriously. Then, what you think God? very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. very well, I'll ive you the definitive answer. In three hours, out of the 81 people on this island, there will be In three hours, out of the 81 people on this island, there will be In three hours, out of the 81 people on this island, there will be In three hours, out of the 81 people on this island, there will be In three hours, out of the 81 people on this island, there will be In three hours, out of the 81 people on this island, there will be What? My body W-What!? I cant move! Yo, honored guests from Shandia. I rather like this picture. I hope you enjoy my little party. Shura. You don't all have to say it. I know my own name, at least. This may seem brutal to you but this land, Upper Yard, is completely different environment from what it was last night. You can't move. Just stay right there. You have a 3% chance of surviving the Ordeal of String. CYB3RFR34K-ISO The Ordeal of String!? It's a little late to tell you to watch your step. String Cloud! So you found it I'm impressed I'm impressed It's spread throughout my area. Too thin to be seen, but so strong, even the most massive of men cannot move once tangled Too thin to be seen, but so strong, even the most massive of men cannot move once tangled My mighty String Cloud. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. You've been tangling yourselves in it since you entered the forest. Take a look around. Your bodies are covered in string! This is what it means to pay for your mistakes! Except I think someone's peeking! Fly, Fuza! Wiper! You can't best me in mid-air! Watch out! That's a Heat Javelin! Why did you throw away your shield and weapon!? Are you insane!? Don't tell me You can have it You can have it You can have it You can have it You can have it.. if one shoulder is all you want An Impact? That's not enough to kill me! No, 10 times that energy! No, 10 times that energy! No, 10 times that energy! REJECT! Upper Yard Survival, 1 has fallen. The first battle has caused quite a bit of disarray. Shura has been defeated. W-What? Shura-sama? Shura also underestimated sky warfare. The fool! But, is this not a crisis? No Priest has been defeated in six years! And now they have lost two of their number in the past two days! Yes! Nothing can be done about their defeat. I guess they were without divine protection. Listen up, you guys! We are going into battle against 20 Shandrians and 7 Blue Sea dwellers. They pose no threat. They will be no bother to the Priests. Go forth and wreak havoc! Go forth and wreak havoc! SKYPIEA Only those who will step over their fallen comrades and continue on should follow me ! It's the only way for defeating Enel ! Once we take out Enel, there will be no reason to yearn a bag of Vearth. There will be no reason Wiper! Are you trying to kill yourself!? Just try and use the Reject Dial one more time! You'll blow your body to pieces! What about my body? Isn't this what you would call resolve? If that's all you're thinking about, You'll never beat them! Crazy bastard What are you standing around for? Braham! We're in enemy territory. Let's split up. There are still two Priests left. It seems they've increased the size of their Ordeal areas. We don't want everyone getting caught in the same Ordeal again. We have to be smarter than that. I'm going ahead! Fine! Do what you want! But I'll at least pray for everyone's safety! Okay, guys, watch yourselves! We'll meet at God's Shrine! Who're you!? What did you do!? Heso! An Enforcer! Correct! In the name of God Enel, we have been ordered to purge Upper Yard! We are the Enforcer Elite 50! There is nowhere to hide! We possess the power of the Axe Dial not found in Skypiea! Lousy pest! Deeper! Sharper! AXE DIAL! Your shield is useless! The islands in the south~ are warm~ Paina-purupuru~ Their heads get really hot~ And they're all idiots!~ A goat? Was that a goat? Where is it? A goat in the woods? Who's this jerk? He got my hopes up! I really wanted to see a goat! Second verse! The island in the north~ are cold~ Hyakkoi-koikoi~ Their heads shiver all around~ And they're all idiots~ Huh? You You What are you doing here? I warned you to leave this island. Shut up! I can do what i want! No, you can't This island belongs to us, the Shandians. Huh? Really? I thought it was God's. I see. Then, sorry for intruding. Third verse! The islands in the east~ Hold it ! The islands in the east~ What? No, i have nothing to say. And i don't feel like listening to your idiotic prattle. I'm going to eliminate you! What? If that's all, you should've said so.