The winner of the second test of this return match is The crew of Foxy!! You have just lost your second team-member! And there remains nothing any more but one sleeve. But, you can gain only one team-member per test. Thus even if by chance you gained it No matter what you do you will have lost one of your comrades! CONFRONTATION OF THE CAPTAINS! THE LAST COMBAT! Please, Oyabin Please choose your new recruit! I choose the reindeer. Iyan Choppy, I will release myself never again! Robin! Do not cry any more, Doctor. Whoah! One is in the soup! What will one make, Luffy? No concern! One will have only to play another part! Another part? I do not prefer. I will explain you why the crew of Foxy is regarded as most extremely. '' Most extremely ''. You were beaten twice Known as step that Right before meeting you one played five times at the Three-Corner Range against Kibagaeru Pirates. We were harshly touched. We thus start to miss resources. We reached our limit. That you want it or not there will not be an other part! It is necessary to know to give up the good moment. It is because they are refused combat whose exit is dubious how our crew became so powerful! Why such a silence? But which weak To regard itself openly as a looser I cannot blairer that a coward similar claims to be strongest. Which strategy of deflated. How can you remain so calm?! I do not want to have to choose between Chopper and Robin! You are ready to give up one of both of them? Calm yourself, I will not give up anybody! And how you intend to make? It is tiring Why not all cut down them? It is right a play a play. He Oyabin, I have a proposal. And if we bet five team-members, for the next test? He! Stop deciding all alone! Not, lets Nami-san deal with that. What? The goal of the play is to recover team-members of the other, not? We, we want these deux-là. One must recover them. Therefore, if we gain the next test They will join us. On the other hand, if you gain we will integrate all the five your crew. Then? I think that it is an honest offer. This girl has notch to want to negotiate with me. It is true that these deux-là is particularly powerful. This type with the strange tools could be useful also. And to crown the whole, this type which is worth 100 million berrys. Yosh!! It is of agreement! But I will give you more than two team-members It will be a bet of 500 team-members. If you gain, you will receive Why 500 people? How Oyabin?! He wants to bet 500 of his team-members! You hold the bet, Straw hat? I do not need 500 people. You are stupid or what?! It is our chance! Why you do not accept the bet? But Merry cannot put 500 people! One of fout since one recovers Chopper and Robin! It does not matter that there are 5 or 500 of them. Ah I see. You hold the bet? Yes, of course! With the fact, if one of the crews does not have 500 people The remaining people will be taken in their descent. In other words, your children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren, will be enlisted to the 500 promised people. They all will have to swear fidelity with the crew of Foxy Pirates.  children? Dad? Yes! What is there? This bet appears riskier than envisaged Considering the circumstances there are not the choice. It is necessary absolutely that one gains. You ace included/understood, Luffy? Ouais! I undertake some! Free with you to ignite you But in the final round, it is impossible to overcome me. Prepare you to join my crew! You dreams! I will not lose against you! I repeated it to you thousands of times a combat and a play, are two quite different things. Foxy! It is the hour of the final combat! We will determine the arena of combat. The two captains make turn the gun together. it is the boulet de canon which will determine the arena. Wait a little! Y' has a trick which bell!! The arena is defined! Which incredible chance It fell pile on the bridge from Sexy Foxy Chance? But it is not true! Be weak for you or what!? I will state you the rules. The arena extends from the point where fell the boulet de canon until in a radius of 50 meters! In other words, the combat will be held in a circle 100 meters in diameter. Vous.pourrez to serve to you as all weapons placed at your disposal. Only two combatants are authorized in the arena. The arena also extends in the airs and under water. To fly away or fall to the sea is thus not eliminatory. FOXY! During this interval Pom Pom Fleurs encourage our Oyabin. While on the boat of Foxy, a combat-spectacle is held In the stands, memories of the Davy one Back Fight limited edition are on sale. Throw an eye there. One does not want any! Dispatch you to begin the combat! Thank you very much! And here are two pin's Foxy limited edition. Do not buy these conneries! Euh Where is your combatant? It is him! Embark it out of here immediately! What doesn't go? But why don't they take anything with the serious one? They are caught too much with the play. It is heavy, they behave like this Oyabin. Bah This type wants just to increase its crew. It is already sufficiently large like that. In any event, all will be well since Luffy will not lose, Nami-san! I will seek to drink, I would join you later! He you two! Come by here, come! Hold, take this with you. How much does that cost? No importance it is offered. Oh thank you. It is true. Even if Luffy loses We will remain all together since we all will be in this crew. But if that arrived our captain would not be any more the captain. Since we all would become of the subordinates of Oyabin. The Lord of the Pirates will be me! The guy, turn over to work! Ouais Known as Will Luffy gain, hein? We will continue our venture, not true? It should be hoped for. You joke, I hope! The popcorn and the Coke cannot be also expensive! You are not obliged to take some. I want 80% of reduction! The farm! Is C what that!? It is your cloakroom. You can carry all that you will like. Super!! One would say more a cabine d'essayage than a cloakroom. There is full with tricks owls here! I can put what I want, Usopp! You think what of it? Does that suit me well? It is well it!? The preparations are finished! Afflicted to have made you have patience. The spectacle of first left is finished. It is the largest event of the day! The gong soon will resound! How each one hurries to join its place! What is it? The sky darkens. Nami-san, where are you? Answeranswer please! Look at where you steps, cook of shit. Two combatants of the final round are the captains of the crews! Descend it, Oyabin! You are the best! First of all on my left! And coming from the figure de proue It is the return of the champion with the 920 consecutive victories The man who gains all his matches! Oyabin! Our Oyabin!! The silver fox FOXY!! Listen to me Luffy Prepare with becoming someone else This haircut will make to leave the monster which is in you This is Afro which makes the Champion, or the Champion who makes Afro? It is still a question surrounded by mystery Luffy while becoming Afro The power of your fists will increase! Are straw hat, ready for you!? Good luck with you too! Allons-y, coach Oh yeah! And on my line Originating in East-Blue, it is the captain of small but frightening crew Its head is worth 100 million berrys Called the Straw hat! MONKEY D. LUFFY!! Luffy covered the Afro cut to enter on the scene! Go ahead Luffy! It is which him? Luffy! Be too cool for you!! Isn't this? The two combatants are entered on the battle field. The straw hat will succeed it to expel Oyabin of the boxing ring? To recover his/her friends and to preserve his pride or our Oyabin will put the hand on all that is expensive to him? Davy Back Fight a combat for the destiny will start! Just after the advertizing. CYB3RF34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM He Straw hat! I like too your style! Burn in hell! I am his coach! Show them your gold line! You can arrive there! Brother Soul runs in you! One does not should have let Usopp be his second. I would have preferred that it goes there seriously. Oï Oï, I am impressed! It is a really wild style! Not badly of the whole look! You would not be played it a little too relaxed, champion!? Take guard with you or you will regret it! The second, you are on battle field, leave from here! What!? My role of second is already finished?! Second, outside! Begin the combat! The arena must be free it is thus in my turn to leave from here! What? Platforms Super! They must have too cool machines. Eh well Luffy with the Straw hat Let us have fun, now! This entire boat is the battle field. You can demolish all that sings you. I have full talented naval engineers. I ask for myself which kind of combat will take place on Sexy Foxy who by chance became the arena of combat. Only the two pirates are remained on the battle field. Go! Throw it outside! Go ahead Luffy! Arrange to overcome it! Pay attention to its ray, its ray! Crowd is into full is delirious! Will it will recover his/her friends or lose them!? The final combat of Davy Back Fight, for the profit of 500 people! The final combat of Davy Back Fight, for the profit of 500 people! A match in a round and without time limits!! Luffy! Oyabin! Foxy the silver fox versus Luffy with the Straw hat! The destiny of their crew is between their hands! They bet both their destiny! And now The gong sounded! Here me is! Y' has that my hand which is slowed down. I suspected well that you would choose the force. Whore! Danger! I joke! Luffy! It floats! Even its fall is slowed down It is for that I said to him to pay attention. Drop! Beat it, Oyabin quickly! Ooh~ non~ A problem, Straw hat? I can finish some, now? Je~ ne~ perdrais~ pas~ Oyabin began its terrible attack! Straw hat cannot be defended! What? He does not even stumble? It is because its reactions are also slowed down. It was right before taste. My blows do not do many damage. I know it well, rubber-man. Merde~ Oh, the 30 seconds are past. Any share of a blow! Thin, it falls to the sea! Luffy! Shit, this Noro Noro Beam is more shitting that what I thought. But it is what this ray? I would take better step to too much lengthen my members. Where it passed this bastard? Refuse! I will not be made any more have! Show yourself, head of puzzle! Please, do not take any to you with these ears They are slowed down? Welcome on my boat! This type Aaaah!! I am touched! Thus calm yourself I was going just to make you discover this. Boulets de canon slowed down? If you can hold above, then I can it too! I would not do that in your place! That there either. I had warned you. Hein? What occurs? He Robin! Manage to you to see something? I see only smoke! Shit This type It is really botching its boat. It is only the beginning! They is alarming! Hein? Pin's? They are larger than that which I bought. Of course! They are larger because they are bombs! I see but then they is dangerous! A bomb which speaks! And now, truth! Afflicted, Straw hat. I reinforced my gloves. Moreover, the bombs will explode in 30 seconds. Ooh Yeah! Luffy, works it with the body! Usopp What does it occur? Sorry, ch' do not know Stop this comedy! Luffy It is not possible