One Piece Treasure Present! The first keyword is this! The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! Pursuing Luffy, the four Straw Hats and the Franky Family were approaching the Courthouse Plaza. We'll leave it to you, Gomorrah! To the Courthouse! Gomorrah! Shit! Who's that guy? It won't go so easily! Pieces of trash. We did it! We beat the second one! If we get encircled in such a place, they'll kill us! On the other side, Sogeking made a comeback at the Main Island Front Gate. We did it! Oimo and Kaashii are back on their feet! How can this be? I don't have enough stamina left to fight those guys Is this the end? How could you Dare to CHEAT US!? Before we celebrate the safety of our bosses! Before we mourn the wasted time! Until we're satisfied, we'll rampage everything to our anger's content! Let's go together! King of the Snipers! Hand in hand with Oimo and Kaashii, he's on Luffy and the others' tracks. There's nothing to fear. This time, we'll raise the signal of a counterattack! Let's hurry to our comrades! Tastes bad. You'll realize the extent of the changes very soon. This is the birth of new Devil Fruit users. It's going to be fun. Try to at least get a hold of your abilities while you can. Meanwhile, Luffy was on the top of the Courthouse, as his intense fight with Blueno was starting to unfold. There was a door in the floor just now! W-What? What's this? Were there such small doors here before!? Damn! I'm stuck, shit! What's happening!? My eyes are turning!! W-W-Which way is the front!? Make it stop! Oi, cook! Yeah, I saw. Luffy is already fighting with the CP9. There's only one way remaining! Yeah We'll cut through them to the Courthouse! We can't do otherwise. Alright! Let's go, guys! Wait! Don't get off, everybody! Chopper? Hold on tight! Gomorrah is Gomorrah is saying this! GO, GOMORRAH! Oi, Gomorrah! Why are you banging your own body against the walls!? Why!? So it really was overdoing it? T-That's not it He's become blind! His retina were damaged and he's lost his eyesight! What? So your eyes can't see? He started charging like crazy! Don't just stand there! Stop that gigantic monster! What are you doing!? Hurry and shoot him down! Stop, Gomorrah! You can't go on with your body in this state! He said that he made a promise, to Sodom. 'Leave the rest to me.' 'I'll do your share and carry everyone on my back!' Gomorrah They were inside the stomach? I can't eat anymore. I'm completely stuffed. Let's take them home as emergency food. Aniki! This is bad! Sodom and Gomorrah got beaten by pirates! Don't you have a lot of guts, daring to touch my comrades!? Oi! You're injured, so don't start dancing! Sodom! Gomorrah! It's a dead end ahead! We'll crash into it and die! Gomorrah, stop! Don't rush in recklessly! Stop! A dead end? Do you see such a thing? No. I can't spot one anywhere It's the Courthouse! Gomorrah! We're there! Gomorrah! Message to all personnel! The Kingbull ridden by the pirates has passed through the D-block, and has now arrived at the Courthouse Plaza! I repeat! The pirates are! Look, Funk Freed. A Golden Den-Den Mushi. If you think about it, this Den-Den Mushi is just the same as holding the Buster Call's authority, as it is unusable without the permission of at least a Headquarter's Admiral. A valuable method that is forbidden to hold otherwise. In order to launch the Buster Call, Ao Kiji placed it under my care. Look at how it is now! If the revival of the weapons becomes a reality, without even having to get it from an Admiral, I will control this little thing all by myself. I'll certainly become a man who'll command the troops at will. The Buster Call. We will now launch the Buster Call. All ships may commence attack! We will now turn all of this island, Ohara, into ash here and now! With a single push of this button, a whole island disappears Authority is the same as a weapon again. Chief Spandam! You surprised me! What's your problem!? Can't you knock!? I almost pushed the button! I-I'm really sorry. But since this is an emergency This is a Den-Den Mushi from Enies Lobby's Main Island. What!? If it's a Den-Den Mushi, they could just directly call this room! And Oi! Isn't that receiver off the hook!? Who's doing that all the time? You just said something about an emergency matter Yes! Spanda Oi, Nico Robin. It seems like there is an urgent report incoming from Enies Lobby's Main Island. It's probably nothing too urgent, though You can anticipate a lot. They tried their best and succeeded in beating five of our soldiers. What became of Straw Hat Luffy? In front of the best gatekeepers, Oimo and Kaashii, I wonder in which horrible way your nakama were crushed Let's ask together about the fate of those idiots Those who opposed the World Government! You're the worst kind of person! Shut up, hoodlum! Oi, soldier! Yeah, this is Spandam. Yes! Is this Chief-dono? That's great I can finally report! Wha What should I begin with? Calm down, fool! It's about the Straw Hat crew, right? What about them? Ah, wait, wait. Listen well. Resume the information at the main point, and yell it out loud and clearly. Yes! Did you kill them all? The intru- Yeah, that's because the opponent was weak! The intruders consist of about sixty pirates! This is actually Enies Lobby's Main Island's worst ever situation! They have invaded up to the Courthouse Plaza! To all personnel on Enies Lobby's Main Island! All hands! Get to the Courthouse Plaza at once! Good job, Gomorrah! We won't let the hard work of you two brothers go to waste! We're breaking in, guys! We're going to save Franky aniki! The pirates have arrived at the Courthouse Plaza!! Can you see Luffy? No If he's on that roof, there's no way we can climb up there for him. We're not made of rubber too How many CP9 did you see up there? We only saw the big guy with horns. It's hard to believe that they would all be gathered there after bringing Robin-chan and Franky to such a place. Anyway, we must hurry to catch up to Luffy We must hurry to save Robin. Hurry! To the front of the Courthouse! The bridge hasn't been lowered yet! Let's catch up! Oh, that's awesome, frog! That's the steel ball that defeated Gomorrah! What is that frog!? Where are they? They're running away! There are three of them! Why are they running away? They attacked first Idiot! If we start following the enemies that are escaping all day long, it'll just be a waste of time! Shut up, it's confirmation. It's also good to know what kind of enemies will come at us. What happened? Awesome What is that guy? He must have quite the superhuman strength to be able to swing that thing around! Is this a special unit like the Houbantai? He may still be hiding something. Be careful. Alright, let's hurry! The other soldiers are coming this way. We've gotta catch up! At least they won't be able to open the Courthouse's heavy rock door! Stop them at the Plaza! Now that they say that How are we gonna open that huge door? Don't fall behind, we'll be going in first! He He just cut through that thick stone! Zanbai! Us two will separate ourselves between the left and right tower! We're gonna pull that drawbridge's lever. U-Understood. I'll leave that to you. Alright, we'll divide ourselves into three teams. The guys coming with me are gonna help clean the Courthouse's insides. I only need a few of you. Good luck in your fights! Dismiss! Then there's the gatekeepers at the Main Island's Front Gate. Oimo and Kaashii have joined with the pirates. At the moment, they're destroying the middle part of the Main Island! Open the way! The damage report for our soldiers here is exceeding Two thousand men! W-Wasn't it five people? Meanwhile, their captain, Straw Hat Luffy, who took down a thousand of them by himself, has suddenly disappeared! Research is still being carried out! This is probably the first time a situation as bad as this has occurred since Enies Lobby's history began! Blueno What are you doing over there? What's happening? Now, on this island WHAT'S HAPPENING!? That door on my face closed! Of course. Doors will always close after being opened. You did well on dodging my rankyaku. Yeah, no big deal. How unexpected. You! He jumped! He's perfectly caught up to my speed. He even changed the course of my rankyaku! His physical abilities are hard to believe. That's no good! If I stay like this, it's no good. When I lost to Ao Kiji, I thought about it. If strong guys like this are going to appear on our road later If I don't get stronger I won't be able to protect my nakama. That's because even if they aren't strong I have nakama I want to keep with me. If I don't get stronger than everyone else, I'll lose them all! Then what do you want to do? I thought about a way to fight at my fullest. So that I don't lose anyone So that I don't let anyone drift away What is he doing? What's happening inside of his body? You won't be able To keep up with me anymore. What? All of my techniques are going to evolve by one step! Gear Second! It's a good thing I met with you here. What kind of bluff is that? Next time, One Piece: All for the Sake of Protecting My Nakama! Gear Second in Motion! I'm gonna be the Pirate King! Here's how you can get your treasure present! Write the four letters that appeared in the show, your address, your full name, your age, your opinion of the show and you may win a lot of prizes! The last keyword is this!