Robin! Robin-chan! W-Where have you been? We've been searching for you! I won't be coming back to you anymore. This is farewell. Here, in this city. This can't be There is a darkness inside of me which is unknown to you. This darkness will eventually destroy you. I wasn't searching for the Poneglyphes in order to revive the weapons Rather, I only wanted to know the history. That's complete nonsense! Even when faced with the destiny of Ohara's demons, you still long to know the history!? What do you know about Ohara!? The life I once threw away The heart I'd lost The dream I stopped chasing after They saved all of it! I found nakama who could believe in someone like me. Then Your dream is? That the six Straw Hats, excluding me, leave this island safely! Just for that, you don't care about what will happen to the world when the ancient weapons are revived!? I don't. Ah, speaking of which, we just got some news. I received a report that says these idiots, the ones who invaded this place just to get you back, are here. Impossible What!? Every single one of them should've been captured by now. Straw Hat Luffy and his crew. What stubborn people they are They're just like small bits of garbage, in front of the ten thousand Marines of Enies Lobby. Wait! Isn't this different to our agreement!? The condition for me to collaborate with you was to let them get away safely! Didn't they set off from Water 7 safely and then come here? ROBIIIIN!! I CAME TO BRING YOU BACK!! Leave the rest to us! Has a request for the Buster Call been made yet? We're still on standby. Hurry! Escape to the evacuation ship! Is this the so-called Poneglyph? Yeah Whatever we do, even setting explosions around it, won't leave any damage. This is a disgusting stone. And these are scattered all over the world? Is that so? Yes. This is a capital crime. We've gotten hold of all the evidence we needed, we're only waiting for your order. This can't be helped. This is truly a deplorable result, but they've broken the world's law. We can't let them get away with this. I've had enough, stop with the small talk Gorousei. How rude of you, low life! You're talking to the person holding the highest political power in the world! So you're the authority of archaeology, Professor Clover of Ohara You're a great contributor to the world's cultural heritage. I know your name well. To think a man like you would stray from the righteous path The past belongs to all of mankind. Nobody has any right to try and stop the desire to know the untold history. Professor! If someone reads the Poneglyphes, the possibility to revive the ancient weapons will arise, bringing a great deal of danger to the world. Even if the case is that you don't have any ill intentions, if someone desires to use them to a villainous end, the situation will be the same. Whatever the past may be, as long as it's history crafted by the hands of mankind, we have the responsibility to accept it all. If one is able to understand this without fear, countermeasures will be possible whatever happens. That is an idealistic argument. I wonder about that. Isn't the idea of it being impossible simply suited to your purpose? Of all the truths remaining in the world nowadays, the ones we want to know the most are the engraved messages of the Poneglyphes and the reason of their existence. Why did people of the past carve their messages on hard stone in an attempt to transmit it to the future? They engraved history on unbreakable stones and dispersed them throughout the world. Wasn't it because they feared having their message destroyed, if they were to lay it on paper or in books? In brief This is evidence that the people who left this behind had a clear enemy. What are you trying to say, Professor Clover? If we consider the other possibility of these people being defeated by some enemy, then that enemy should have survived and stayed in the history. Oddly enough Eight hundred years ago, just as the Void Century finally came to a close, the organization known as the World Government was created. If the enemy of the fallen people was today's World Government, then we can come to a conclusion, that the Void Century is inconvenient history that was erased by the hands of the World Government. By reading historical documents from that time and by deciphering a certain number of Poneglyphes, we noticed the existence of a country before too long. What these texts revealed to us was the shape of a powerful country. It once took pride in its enormous strength, but all information on that country has been completely erased. It's very probable that when they realized the deeds of an allied nation, referred to as the World Government, they carved the truth on stones, in order to entrust their ideas to the future. These are the Poneglyphes that remained in this world to this day. I see. This is an audacious hypothesis. The ancient weapons will indeed coerce the world. But more importantly, won't the existence and ideas of that country, being revealed along with the true history, be even more of a menace to you, the World Government? We must make clear the nature of this menace, but what holds the key to solving everything is the name of that once flourishing country KILL HIM! Professor! Ohara has Bastards! How could you!? Professor! learnt too much. Give the order to attack. Shit! Don't move, fiends! Professor! You mustn't let anyone escape. Then, with this Golden Den-Den Mushi, that Admiral Sengoku entrusted unto me Professor? Robin Idiot You shouldn't be here Run! I'll engage the Buster Call! Take care of this. He did something! That guy! Hurry to the evacuation ship, Robin! No! I don't want to be alone! Don't say silly things At such a time Robin This is the request for the Buster Call! All ships, get ready! Prepare for attack! Hey! This is! The Tree of Omniscience is on fire! Hey! What is this for, World Government!? You should have had enough with just our heads! I don't know. That explosion earlier must have started a fire. Don't take us for fools! You don't know how important the documents in there are! Hey! Don't move! It's alright, no need for guns anymore. Government officials retreat. The books, hurry Extinguish the fire in the library! Hurry! Pass the water here! Carry the books outside the library! We're bringing that woman along. Come There's still information only she knows. We can't have her die here. Mama! Robin Please Run away quickly You absolutely must not die Mama, mama! Robin, hurry! Get out of here immediately Robin-chan! Robin Are you my mother? Olvia, are you getting aboard or not!? Mama! I'm holding her back, so quickly leave! Mama, don't go! Mama! Mama! Mama! I'm sorry, Robin I can't call myself a mother anymore. I can't be forgiven now I can't be a mother Monster! Monster! She was thrown away by her mother you know! Robin, that's my daughter's dress! Obasan = Aunt I'm sorry, obasan! I only wanted to try it on! She eats a lot! Even though she's a freeloader. Are you my mother? What is it? You had a kid? No. Olvia-san I'm sorry. I think you have the wrong person. Forgive me, Robin. I don't want you to become the daughter of a criminal! Olvia Weirdo brat. Come on, let's get going. I'm Robin! I've grown a lot! Don't you remember me? I've always been waiting for your return! Are you really not my mother? Someday I wanted to walk together with you, while holding hands! I studied as hard as I could and became an archaeologist! I can read the Poneglyph too! That runt can!? Stop it, Robin! So let me stay with you! Mom! Robin! Please don't leave me alone anymore! What's with that bombarding!? Commencing the Buster Call. All ships, start the attack. Target everything on the island of archaeology, Ohara. The research done by Ohara's scholars has exceeded our expectations. That knowledge could be passed on. We must not let the exposure be anywhere but on this island. Completely obliterate the demons living on Ohara. In the name of Justice! Shit! What the hell!? We still haven't left the island! Do they want to kill us? The Tree of Omniscience took a direct hit! This must be the power of the Headquarters. The government was planning to end it like this from the start, the fools. Chief, that kid says she's an archaeologist. Yeah, she indeed said that. Though I don't know if it's true or not. When we don't know, the safer solution is to erase the problem Remember her face well. Be sure not to let her get off the island. We're retreating! Then, Olvia Enough! It ain't the time for this, forget her! If we stay here, we'll get blown up too! Our first priority is my life! All hands, retreat! Return to the ship! Do something about the library's fire! Protect the Tree of Omniscience! I've wanted to do this for a long time. Robin! Mom! It's my fault. Robin Is it true that you can read the Poneglyphes? If I had paid closer attention I'm sorry, I wanted to read them no matter what I'm really surprised that you managed to accomplish something as great as this. You did your best and studied a lot. This isn't something anyone can do. You're amazing, Robin! Fortunately, the only ones who know about this are the officials who were here earlier. We can't afford to lose any time here. Olvia, take Robin and run away! If you can manage to sneak on the evacuation ship with Robin, you two can escape from the island! Robin! So you were here? I've been searchin' for ya! Saulo! Ya met with Olvia too. Saulo! Why are you on this island? This must be some kind of fate. My ship sunk and I was saved on the beach by Robin. More importantly, this situation is really bad! Ya gotta leave the island quickly! Take care of Robin. Help my daughter escape from the island at all costs! No! What about you, mom? Won't you stay with me? Olvia, you are I still have something to do here. Mom! I don't wanna be separated from you! I just met you! I'll stay here too! Robin. As a scholar of Ohara, you should know all of this too well. History is the people's treasure. It'll certainly illuminate the future you're about to live. However, you must teach the next generation the history you've inherited from the past, otherwise it'll disappear. Put out the fire! Protect the books! Ohara didn't wish to reveal the history, we only wanted to hear the voices of the past and protect them! Our research ends here. But even if Ohara is crushed, we can't give up on the future you'll be living in! I don't get it! You'll understand someday. Go now, Saulo! Is this alright? Yes. No! I want to stay here too! Mom! Mom!! I'm glad I was able to hear you call me by that name Thank you From now on, you have to take my share and LIVE, ROBIN!! Vice Admiral! Vice Admiral Kuzan! What!? On the island Yes, that's without a doubt So what is it!? Get to the point! That's the deserter, Vice Admiral Saulo!! Saulo! Go back, please! Impossible, I can't do that! Robin! Be proud, Robin! Yer mom is great! Ohara is great! Someday, ya'll have to pass on this island's history, Robin! Ohara fought against the world! Stop this! Just capturing them is fine! They're not rowdy pirates! Are ya such weaklings that ya can't control them!? We've caught a bunch of ships investigatin' history. I don't get why they absolutely must die! Vice Admiral Saulo! We found a survivor! How could you slay my nakama!? Do ya really want the weapon? You pitiful people You've been attacking us restlessly without any reason! Hey, he's a Vice Admiral! Never questioning the laws, pretending you only want to stop the weapon's revival! Aren't you just scared of the past you know nothing about!? This is a top-secret mission. The Buster Call? Become one of the five Vice Admirals who'll command one of this great offensive's ten warships. They are scholars! Why do we have to go this far? Of all the scholars we've captured thus far, my eyes only see people truly wanting to know the history! If the research they're working on is dangerous, the government just has to help them! We're the ones who're unnecessarily taking other people's lives away! Give me some kind of proof that they're criminals. Are you doubting the government? Shut up and obey. Let me hear your story for just a little bit. This is an emergency! Vice Admiral Saulo took a criminal with him and fled! He knows everything about our next mission. Pursue them. Catch Saulo and Olvia at all costs. I don't care if you open fire on them. I'll take care of the pursuers once they reach us. Saulo, you won't ever be able to come back to the Marines. It's alright. I can't stay a Marine if I got this doubtful feeling inside. They may be protecting the laws, but the mission this time is way too harsh. I only abided by my own justice. Alright, quickly go warn your homeland. I won't thank you. I'll pray for your good luck. FIRE! They came targeting me! Saulo!! Oh, it hit! We're sorry! Don't apologize! He's an accomplice to the demons now! I'm sorry, Robin That must've startled you Wait here for a sec. Firing from the shore What would they have done if they hurt Robin!? Vice Admiral, please stop this! What are you planning to do!? I've got no idea of what is right, so I'll just protect my friend! Stop it! Saulo! Get ready! You won't get off easily, having made me your enemy! There's Still More! Stop it! Saulo! Get ready! You won't get off easily, having made me your enemy! What's happening!? It's Vice Admiral Saulo! Vice Admiral Saulo who escaped with Nico Olvia is attacking us! Why is he here? I don't know! This island is done for! Everything will be reduced to ashes! Don't give up! Don't leave any book behind! We have to pass down the history! Throw them in the lake from the window! It's better than to have them burnt! Hurry! Now! Saulo, stop it! You'll die! Throw the books outside the library! Don't let any book, don't even let a sentence, be lost! So that the words of our ancestors from the last few thousand years can reach the future! Robin! What are you doing? Run to the evacuation ship while you still can! You won't survive long if you stay on this island! Mom! This is a Present Announcement! One Piece Theater! Various times! We'll offer seven different sets of these to five of you as presents! Write your address, complete name, age, phone number and opinion of the show, and quickly send your completed form after the show! We'll be waiting! Shoot Saulo! Robin! Run away quickly! What was your mother's wish!? LIVE, ROBIN!! The evacuation ship is leaving! Wait, someone is coming! Isn't she!? Ain't that the monster? It's true! Go away, monster! Hey, don't be stupid! No Wait That girl Isn't she Olvia's, the woman who was in the newspaper Isn't that brat the criminal's daughter!? That's right! If we let her aboard the ship, we could be targeted too! Don't be foolish! She's just a kid, hurry and pull her in! Evacuation ship, don't let that runt get aboard! Even if she's a kid, she's an archaeologist! She's one of this offensive's targets! Chief Spandine! Is that true? Look! With this, we are in danger too! Robin! The CP9, huh? How foolish Chief! Vice Admiral Saulo is heading towards us! For real!? We didn't even have to make him spit out Olvia's whereabouts! Fire, fire! Attack him! Saulo! Kuzan-san! Kuzan My, my, my If the Buster Call was somehow hindered by a former Marine, wouldn't we look quite ridiculous? Kuzan Do you hold pride in this bombardment? Get back to ya senses! This is weird! You should have realized it too, that all of this is nothing but an example! Just for that, they're going to annihilate Ohara! If this is for the betterment of the world, it can't be helped. Aren't the scholars breaking the law? What's called 'justice' changes shape depending on where you stand. That's why I won't blame your justice. However, if you're going to get in our way I won't just ignore it. The evacuation ship was blown up! W-Why? It was a bombardment! From a Marine ship It's from Vice Admiral Sakazuki's ship! That fool If we're doing this, better do it thoroughly. If by any chance, even a single scholar was hiding on that ship, every single sacrifice made today would have been wasted. Evil must be completely eradicated! Is this justice's way of doing things!? Can you still hold pride in it after this!? I didn't plan to overdo it like that total idiot! Get away, Robin! His strength is abnormal! Saulo just fled! He's carrying a scholar! Saulo, are you alright!? Robin, run away. Run as fast as you can! If you stay on the island, your life is gone for sure! Set out on the sea with my raft! What about you? This is the end for me I've been caught! Go! No! There's nobody at sea! Listen well, Robin! You might be alone at the moment, but someday, you'll definitely find nakama! Nakama? Yeah The sea is vast. Someday, without any doubt, nakama who will protect you will appear! No one is born in this world being completely alone! Run, Robin! Without looking behind you! When things are rough, do as I taught you! Laugh like this! Saulo, look out! Saulo! Go meet the nakama that are certainly waiting for you somewhere on the sea! Robin! Live with them This is the end! Is this the history chosen by mankind? What fragile things humans are I'm sorry, Robin I couldn't even leave you with words said as a mother. The Tree of Omniscience It's falling! Absolute Justice. It's been known to sometimes drive a person into madness. I've decided to let you escape from this island. A seed that was protected by Saulo I wonder what it'll grow into. It's your choice to hate whoever you want, but consider yourself lucky to still have your life. Try to live as plainly as you can I left a line of ice on the sea. Travel straight ahead with this small boat, and you'll reach land. And then Always remember. I am not your ally. If you do something, I'll be the first enemy to come capture you. My mom is on the island! No one will be saved. If it's so painful that you want to die, you're free to do so. This is the greatest library in the world. Do you like books? Today is Robin's birthday! Congratulations, Robin! Be proud, Robin! Ohara is great! We cannot give up on the future you'll be living in! Just laugh. When you have a hard time, just laugh. If I laugh while I'm in pain, I'll look like an idiot. That's not true! Go meet the nakama that are certainly waiting for you somewhere on the sea! Robin! Survivors? There can't possibly be any. Hey! Look at this lake. T-This is! There are enough books to fill the lake! Is this a coincidence!? Oh, it's her! It's definitely her! Where was she? Did you capture her? No! Searching for a suspicious young girl as our only clue, we spotted her on a passenger ship, leaving from an island located far North-East of Ohara. However, we lost sight of her right after that She's got the devil's luck Back then, I saw that brat She was escaping from the flame that engulfed Ohara, on a boat! But when I tried to chase after her The helm suddenly wouldn't move, as if it was imprisoned in ice. There's no doubt Saulo must have let her escape before dying! Even though she's young, her existence is dangerous. Especially since she can decipher the Poneglyph. Don't hesitate about what method to use! If you don't capture her in a very short amount of time, all our efforts will be proven worthless. $79,000,000!? An eight year old girl has such a large bounty? It seems she's a survivor of the famous Ohara criminals, who were scheming to destroy the world. That Ohara!? I don't know how she did it, but I heard she sank six Marine battleships. That's why they put such a high bounty I heard the government and the Marine Headquarters are working directly on this! The ideas of the executed scholars were passed onto her. We can't have her run in the wild. That brat can't be allowed to live, she's the child of the devil! I'm always grateful to you for helping out. No, thanks for letting me work. By the way, today before dinner we'll be receiving some guests for you. Don't let her escape! Alright, give me my money! I told you where she was, right!? She works a lot even though she's small. What is it? You're still awake? You'll have to get up early to run errands tomorrow. Sleep quickly. Yes. She's a good girl But if she stays with us, we'll be in danger too! Plus Look at this bounty! Dear! She's not in her room! Shit! That runt heard what we said! I'm sorry. I don't have any food. I know about you, Nico Robin! I'm a wanted man too. I'll feed you if you do some little jobs for me. Captain! It's the Marine Headquarters! Where's Robin!? Let's hand her over! Shit! That pest is cursed! Your sin is being alive! What? Nico Robin is in this town!? Find her! Hand her over to the government! I found it It's a Poneglyph. Don't come in! I've got nothing to sell you! I'm sixteen. I'll do anything. Let me enter this organization. You betrayed me! Robin! Nico Robin, I want to borrow your power. It seems you can read the Poneglyph, am I right? Right now, in this very place If you trigger the Buster Call, Enies Lobby will be exterminated and so will all of you. Wh-What kind of crap are you saying!? As if we could be hurt by an ally attack! What are you babbling about, you bitch!? Twenty years ago It stole everything away from me, while crushing a lot of people's lives. With a single strike The Buster Call. This attack has finally shown up. It's aimed at the nakama I love. The more I wish to be at your sides, the more my fate bares its fangs to you! No matter how far I continue my journey on the sea, there's still that gigantic enemy I can't shake off! Because my enemy is the world and its darkness! With Ao Kiji and this time too, I've involved you in this twice! If this continues forever, no matter how kind you all are Someday you'll see me as a burden! It's obvious that someday you'll betray me and throw me away! That's what scares me the most! That's why I didn't want you to come save me! If it's a life I'll lose someday, I want to die here and now! Robin Robin-chan Robin So that's what it was. I understand now! That's right on the mark! That's exactly it! There's no one out there who would be stupid enough to not think you're a burden after traveling with you! Look at this flag, pirate scum! That mark! It represents the unity of over 170 countries, dotting the four seas and the Grand Line! This is the world! Do you even get how insignificant your existences are compared to this? Do you get how powerful the organization after this woman is!? I understand Robin's enemy very well Sogeking. Make that flag burst into flames. Roger that. My new weapon, the Great Pachinko. Going by the name of Kabuto! Closely behold its immense power! No way Done. They They did it! Do these guys get the meaning of shooting a flag? The pirates just They declared war on the World Government! Are you out of your mind!? Don't think you'll be able to survive having the world as your enemy! YOU WANNA BET!? Robin! I still haven't heard it from your mouth! SAY YOU WANT TO LIVE!! Robin. Robin! Live You can't be allowed to live in this world, Robin. Your existence itself is an unforgivable sin! Robin!! I thought wishing for it was forbidden Nobody would allow me that I WANT TO DIE!! The sea is vast. Someday, without any doubt, nakama who will protect you will appear! Believe in Luffy. If If I'm allowed to declare my wish Then I I WANT TO LIVE!! TAKE ME OUT TO THE SEA WITH YOU!! I love you guys! Damn it! Let's go!