History of Toilets 7: Long Revenge We are there!! We came to Water 7 to repair Going Merry and to find a companion among the carpenters. All is so enormous! When suddenly, it occurred downtown something from unexpected. Robin literally disappeared. CP9. Where is Robin? Several indices led us in the Ice old man. Over there we found Robin and a goupe assassins of the government, the CP9. Me also I have hope to regulate with you. Robin! Why are you with this band of hypocrites? If you want to leave, explains clearly why? For exaucer my wish. A wish that I could not exaucer near you. Go ahead, Nico Robin. Finally, Zoro and me were beaten by the type with the pigeon, and Robin east flees without really being explained. Which is this wishes which it cannot exaucer auprès us? I will say to you what I know. Luffy!! Robin for dying for our good! Robin delivered himself of itself to protect us from an attack of the government. There is not to reflect. One takes a boat and one continues them. He does not have anything else to make. , You wait others! If you are ready to die, follow me. Found!! He is too coool!! Super!! Now, dear pirates, take care not to fall from the train. To be able to fanchir Aqua Laguna, We embarked on board second Umi Resha, Rocket Man. We made peace with engineers Galley it and Fanky Family and put the course on the Legal island Enies Lobby. One goes there!! To find… Our invaluable Nakama Robin. Why does that occur like that? I clearly did you my good-byes. I would never return in the crew. You think that they will be content if they sacrifice a friend right to save them-even?! Now that they know why you left… They will continue you until in hell, and all your enemies will destroy! It is you who do not include/understand! I did not ask to be saved! Remain apart from that! Why this din, Nico Robin? “Ramen Kenpou Menkui Knocker” Weeding “Hentai” Transformation! Recognized! Me known as step only it… Franky Kentaurusu It is the reverse! Your body is with back! Nitoryu Iaï Rashomon It is not finished yet. It is what that?! It is a King of the seas! He is right in front of… That which sliced it. How everyone turns over in the preceding coach! It is a trap. What…? To let itself trap by the enemy, is a failure, A shame with life. Hello everyone and good voyage. I must join Umi Resha, and the criminals who have to attack us. If I am again unable to prevent such a thing… The blood of many civil agents will be versed. Even if I must run on water, I have the role of returning justice; even if these furious waves consume me hands and feet, I will protect without fault the future from the innocent ones! The Cutter of Demon Zoro VS the Trenching one of T-Bone Boat What is it? Umi Resha… New Umi Resha? There is somebody. What is it? A man? There is somebody! It… It is the “trenching one of boat”. Be serious for you? The trenching one of boat? A captain of the Q.G of the Navy, Tancheur de Bateau T-Bone. A man who cuts the pirate boats like steaks. He! It is impressive! Impressing, you say! It would be said that you admire it! Something should be done. Oï, the guy, prepare the gun. You dispatch! Wait! What is there? If nothing is done, Rocket Man will be made cross into two! You did not look at well presently. Let make Zoro, do not intervene. I would say it only once! Release the way! While passing way consequently, they did not can circumvent the coaches of my soldiers. What did they make with my soldiers? Companions of Nico Robin? Therefore, this sword-man it is the hunter of pirates! This way leads directly to the seat of Justice. I am to it Capitaine of the Q.G of the Navy. I will stop you, leave to cut you into two if necessary! Ca will not arrive. The place which we want to reach is far behind you This type is strong. Approaches! I hate the indirect combat. Chokkaku CHICHO Santoryu Gyuuki Bone Oodori It cut it!?! Yuzume Roronoa! It overcame trenching boat! To run since the taken down coaches, to catch up with Umi Resha by this storm is admirable. But nothing will stop us. Your Justice is certainly imposing, But also let us have we a strong motivation. You dispatch! You dispatch! Supervise although the T-Bone captain did not fall to water! Umi Resha perhaps already caught up with it and… Stop a little! Do not speak about defeat. The Captain will cut this Umi resha into two, you will see! But the force of this sword-man leaves the ordinary one. Ahead all! For the Captain who fought against a King of the seas to protect us! Let us save the Captain! Ouais!! Roronoa Zoro, you will regret it. I included/understood! Yes, it is Sanji-kun and the others which took down the coaches. Then, one soon will catch up with them? Probably. Yosh! The enemy approaches! Go ahead Rocketman! One will roll the type with the pigeon. It would be said that… I made some a little too much. Not… It is that, it is this odor. This odor of pirates empeste the part. Definitively equivocal. A problem? He! Why? It returns by here!! You cut me. Hein? I am not cut?! If you put all your heart there, it does not matter the ingredients, they will be good. A knife is not a saber. I do not cut the men. Only, understand that without your armor you have… Hosho Naga Dumb! Eye My eyes are ratrés!! “Returned”. Go, keep silent yourself and gives up. Imbecile, and what still? Initially, I do not include/understand why you want to save this woman. You do not know his true nature. Nose Play Stop Teeth Chin If you say a word moreover, I remake you the portrait. Wait. My face became deformed. Stop! Since you are unaware of it, I you will say it. Everyone knows that in truth it is a dirtiness of demon! Shot trimming My face is deformed! One to mirroir, one to mirroir! How you dared to arrange my nose and my eyes of this way! It is well done! You are a demon! Oh! Ca returns one would say. It is true, it returned a little bit. It is an aberration. You have committed… three crimes. Firstly:you said yourself cook chief in front of me. Deuxio:you played with and wasted food. Thirdly:you insulted our companion! When one has that mouth, one finishes like that. I always wait to see the power of the centaur about which you spoke. I will fall. Which pathetic situation. Do I save you? Species of dumb! Not, not. What do you save me? I do not need any, moron! I have finally to catch you. You wanted to know the force of this form, you will feel it! Farm jerk! Return to me my appearance! I have a companion behind this door which waits until I come to save it. If you included/understood, releases the passage. If I have say that you would not pass, you will not pass. Ramen Kenpo Arms hidden: Menkiri Dokubocho note:slice noodle empoisonné* If you it you keys, you die. Its its its its! You are sure not to be to you made berner by this woman? She betrayed, and still betrayed, in the world of darkness where she lived until today. The worst of the women. Your life is with me! San ten Cutting Shao… I am dependant feet and fists! I lowered my guard. Your guard? Enough excuses. What would you say to say some words of good-bye, frangin? Do not think that the combat will continue. What? Since you have to avoid all my blows until now, You do not know the destroying force of my only fist. Ultimate Hammer Do Yo, from where you come? And you? You débarassé yourself type with the ramen? At the moment. Then it is them which removed Robin-chan.