Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Lieutenant Commanders and lower, stay behind. Captains and Commanders, the 200 elite fighters, put an end to this quickly! Get them! Recover Nico Robin! I'm one of the Strawhats as well. We'll all fight together. Hold 'em off till Luffy gets here! That woman who is in the way of the government's goal I would chase that woman down to the ends of the earth to eliminate her! All in the name of dark justice! We came here to save Robin from that! Jet Stamp! Rokuougan! Rokuougan: Six king gun Luffy! Gotcha! No Oi, why're you just standing there Soge- LUFFY! What are you doing?! Get up! Luffy! The Feelings Shown With Fists! Luffy's Full Strength Gatling Weapons Left! Super! Commander! What's with those pirates? They're amazing fighters! They're actually holding up against the captains! That woman She's a devil fruit user? I'll get her! Come on! Cien Fleur. Flip! Here I go Thunder Ball! Thunderbolt Tempo! That's it for now. They're different than most of them. Nitouryuu Nitouryuu: Two sword style Takanami! Takanami: Hawk wave Who's next? Usopp LUFFY! LUFFY! Luffy! Get up! Usopp You You came too? D-don't get me wrong! I just came to save Robin! I didn't come to see you or anything! Geez That idiot Oi, you! CP9's boss-cat! You! I'll be your opponent! Come and get me! T-that's right! I'm your opponent! Okay? Listen carefully I'm a great pirate, a warrior among warriors, with 8000 men Captain Usopp-sama! I've traveled the entire Grand Line, I destroyed island after island And if the World Government goes against me I'll defeat every one of you with a single finger! If you dare, come and fight me! You worthless little kitten! Oi Oi Stop Stop it, you! Keep away from him! I have no business with you, now that you're defeated. I'll kill them no matter what. You can just watch from there. Yosh, come on, boss-cat! I'll send you flying! Are you stupid? Quit it, Usopp! He'll kill you! Shut up! Then what the hell are you gonna do, when you're so close to death?! I'm gonna kick his ass! Then stand up! Stop looking like you're about to die! It's not like you! Even though it's been blackened by explosions, We can still see the sky! We can still see the sea! This place This place isn't hell! Stop looking like you're gonna die, bastard! Stop making me worry, dammit! Are you finished? Then prepare yourself. Got it This isn't hell or anything Luffy Beat him! Then we'll all go back together, Luffy! No matter what! You can move again? I'm not gonna give up. Until I defeat you I'm not going down! Cancel Seimei Kikan. I'm tired of your interference. I'll defeat you in a single, powerful blow. Don't worry about your nakama, Strawhat. Just as you wished, I'll allow you to be together I'll send every one of them to hell with you! Madara! How dare they treat us like this As long as we stay clear of that lightning There's another cloud?! We need to be firm. We'll split up, and all at once- What do you need at a time like this? What the hell are you doing?! Everyone! Please take care during the second thunder storm. Thunder Ball! Thunderbolt Tempo! Good job, pirate-neechan! You guys! We're fine, so go on and help the boys out! We'll take care of tanuki-niichan! I'm not a tanuki, I'm a reindeer. Okay! We'll leave Chopper to you! Everyone's fighting, and I can't do anything It hurts Everyone, good luck! O-oi! What do you mean you're running away?! We're supposed to be guards! This is our mission! That's not it! This island's gonna be destroyed! Shit! Bingo. Luffy Gaichou! Shit! What's with these guys? I can't hit them! I won! That's it! I really did hit all of them! Yes! I'm the king of the snipers, Sogeking! On the island of snipers I'll show you the power of the beri-beri no mi Beri-Beri no Mi: Berry Berry fruit Damn, I can't even move You can't do a thing! Hey, you wait a sec. If you wanna go that badly Oi, s-stop! Weapons Left! Be careful! Some of 'em are devil fruit users! And I am as well! Treinta Fleur! Clutch! You're Roronoa Zoro? And if I am? I'll defeat you! Good luck! I'm a rust-human who ate the sabi-sabi no mi. Sabi-Sabi no Mi: Rust Rust fruit You cannot defeat me. Shit! Yubashiri was I'll rust all of the swords you own. Interesting. Go ahead and try. Do you understand? You cannot defeat me with a sword! I-I can't move! I've rusted all of your joints. Now I'll rust your entire body! Dammit! Firebird Star! Are you alright, Zoro-kun? Gomu Gomu no Jet Pistol! Gomu Gomu no Jet Pistol! You think I'll fall for that again? Sai Dai Rin Sai Dai Rin: Largest ring Rokuougan! Until I defeat you I'm not going down! If you take in a dangerous woman like that, You'll soon come to regret it. Gomu Gomu no It's over. We won't be seeing each other again. This is not something for people like you to get involved in. Robin intends to die for us! Tekkai! Are you guys for real?! Don't think you'll survive now that you've declared war on the entire world! I would chase that woman down to the ends of the earth to eliminate her! I want to live! Jet Gatling! What happened? What's going on? Luffy! Luffy! The first tower? What's that? Oi, look over there! R-reporting to all ships Reporting to all ships! Rob Lucci of CP9 Just now Just now! Was defeated by the pirate "Strawhat Luffy"! Luffy It's over That should be enough Let's go back together! ROBIN! I see, you came for us You shouldn't have You shouldn't have! Luffy, the sea! Jump into the sea! We still have another nakama! Next time on One Piece: A Friend Comes From the Sea! The Strawhat Crew's Strongest Bond I'm gonna be the pirate king!