The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Cast a spell in your heart For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. Wealth. Fame. Power. Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death sent all the people of the world out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now in the Grand Age of Pirates! Wait! You that's! The Silver Denden Mushi has received a signal! A Buster Call has been requested! A Buster Call has been requested by Admiral Aokiji! Where? Enies Lobby. Call the five Vice-Admirals closest to our destination. At this distance, it's quickest to leave from the headquarters. How long will it take? We can arrive in 30 minutes. Prepare ten battleships immediately. Call in five Vice-Admirals. Quickly! Yes, sir! A Buster Call has been requested! Our destination is Enies Lobby! Prepare ten battleships immediately! Oi! Oi! Yes, Director? Dammit, this is the hand with the little Denden Mushi Damn, I was too careless. Why'd I have to push the Golden Denden Mushi? And I just had To call the Buster Call! Everyone, leave the island! A Buster Call is headed towards Enies Lobby! Nobody on the island will be safe! Don't say those things! A Buster Call was called! Battleships are coming! Get outta Enies Lobby! What was that? Where was Robin talking from? The other side of this door. I'm not going to let you through. Move. Robin's gotta be through that door! She's there. You're not seeing her. Ever again. No. I'm gonna go see her! I'm going now! Robin! Counter-attack with Mirages! Stand up, Nico Robin. Hurry and stand up! What's with that look? Call off the Buster Call immediately. It should still be possible! Shut up! You're still going on about that? You expect me, the director of CP9, to say, "Oh, sorry I accidentally called the Buster Call!" Idiot! Whatever happens, I know one thing If I bring you to the World Government My future will be great! Isn't that great? That will never happen. What? Everybody is Luffy is coming. Soon. No, you're wrong. You don't have any reason to hold onto those hopes any longer! Right now, the one fighting that Strawhat is CP9's strongest, with a douriki of 4000, Rob Lucci. Do you really think that brat has any chance of winning?! Even if the Buster Call comes, even if Strawhat wins, Nothing will change! Do you get it?! Luffy Everyone Luffy Everyone ROBIN! It's a Buster Call! Battleships are coming! If we stay here, they're even gonna take us out! Run! It looks funny! But is nobody coming? I thought big nose would've been here by now It seems like lots of fun Chimney and Gonbe What are you up to? Baachan: Grandma Well We found this weird hole, Niichan: Older brother, or a close older male friend And then, and then, Pirate-niichan got really tiny! Tiny? But, but, then it went "boom!" Boom? Right? That pirate kid I don't have a clue about what's going on, But it seems like things are getting pretty interesting! Things are picking up now. It seems that if we stay in the tower for long, we'll die. If you're running away, leave your key. Soru: Shave I'm sorry. I wanted to play for longer Crap But we have to hurry and escape as well. Golden Awa: Golden bubble, "awa" is also a pun with "hour" The attack that got Sanji-kun I even knew what to avoid I can't hold the Clima Tact My whole body's smooth, so I can't stand too well! What did you do to my body?! Unfortunately, it smooths out your body's curves as well, But it's the most beautiful skin. I'm jealous. On the other hand, your strength is reduced by half. It's best if you give up on my key. I-I can't do that! Cool Charge! It's no use. Our playtime is over. Rankyaku: Storm leg Mirage Tempo! I'm over here. When did you- How can this be? Shigan: Finger gun Another fake? Where are you now? Over here, over here! What is that? S-she grew larger? You were also a devil fruit user? Dumb blonde. The Buster Call was called! Hurry! Meitou: Named Sword Rankyaku! Shigan! Yosh, well done. Rankyaku! Shigan! Again? Zoro-kun, this plan isn't going to work. How about I give you advice on a different plan? No, wait. The enemy's about to finally get a taste Of Hana-Arashi's true power. R-really? Using your nakama as a katana What a foolish way to attack. After all, we don't care if he gets hurt. Zoro-kun, I have prepared myself! Shall we do this? This is the turning point, with a new plan! Go, without hesitation! Well said. Meitou Hana-Arashi. Hissatsu: Sure kill Makie: Lacquer decoration A name that brings out the beauty in Hana-Arashi perfectly! I like it, Zoro-kun! U-um What? It looks like he wants us to go beat him Z-Zoro-kun, what exactly I'm gonna go first! I'm first! Soru! Shit! To think you were just baiting us That was pretty dangerous. Makie: Animal feed, or animal bait I don't taste good! You mean I was just a decoy? What's up with you? One more time. Hissatsu Makie You're abusing me again? You've got that "hissatsu" all wrong! I'm the one who's gonna die A zoan fruit Was that your secret weapon? I told you that's not me! But that thing It looks like a reindeer And it has that hat, and the symbol But, it can't really be Chopper! Some type of wild-beast fruit? Geppou: Moonwalk Rankyaku! Wait! Stop! Chopper! Hey, you are Chopper, right? How did you get like that? You don't recognize me because of my body? Aren't you Chopper? Listen, I never thought that thing was you! Chopper! She's ignoring me! Insolent girl! Chopper! What's wrong? Look closely, it's me! Nami! Chopper! Chopper, stop it! Sanji-kun was at the bottom of the stairs I wonder where this creature wandered in from Don't touch him! He's my nakama! What happened to Chopper? This is bad, I need to hurry and stop him! That's your nakama? Pirates keep very disturbing pets. Chopper! Ignoring me again? Insolent girl! It's fine if you go to stop that monster, But I've been ordered to stop you. It's time for me to finish this. Rankyaku! No! I can't dodge when my whole body's like this! I dodged? One of my legs is back to normal! Why? What happened? It's wet In all the confusion before Yes! Water! The soap power can be washed away with water! Aren't you underestimating me? Now that you know how to get rid of the effects of "golden awa", Do you really think I'll let you do it? Hitsuji-Gumo Relax Awa: Sheep-cloud relax bubbles, as well as "awa" being a pun with "hour" I'll blow those bubbles away with wind! Cyclone- Damn! No, my strength is Shinaru: Bending The Tact Whip! I'm saved Saved? When you send me flying, You also get rid of the other bubbles. If you like, I can continue to send you flying until you die. The weather is cloudy! Cloudy Tempo! It's not a magic show like it used to be! Clouds More lightning? Lightning doesn't come from thin clouds like this. Instead, they'll do something else. You wouldn't No, you would! The weather is rainy! Cool Ball! Soru! Rain! Rain Tempo! That's not very nice, after I'd made you so beautiful. If giving in is nice, then I have to refuse. Cool Charge! Mirage Tempo! She's gone? I understand your powers, And CP9's strength. What is this? Mirage Tempo Fata Morgana! Franky! What the hell are you doing?! Stop being stupid! Next time on One Piece: Nami's Determination! Shoot the Rampaging Chopper! I'm gonna be the pirate king!