Everything they do is pretty interesting. A sane person would never do anything against this island. Giants! Behold, Chimney. Whether they die or survive in the end, striving to achieve what nobody in the past hundreds years was able to do This incident will astound everyone in the world. Once this battle is over, that Straw Hat brat's name will roar throughout the whole world! ROBIIIIN!!! He's here! Luffy I CAME TO BRING YOU BACK!!! Chief-dono! On the roof of the Courthouse, a man wearing a straw hat is shouting toward us! He is without any mistake the crew's leader! He is Straw Hat Luffy! Don't be stupid! When I looked just now, Blueno was on the rooftop! Wasn't he keeping guard, that foolish incompetent!? What is he doing at such an important time!? I rampaged around a lot I'm starving! For that kind of situation My lunch!! I'm gwad I swaved those! Yummy, yummy! So it's him Straw Hat Luffy What the hell is happening? What in the world is Blueno doi- No way This can't be! He's one of the CP9 A Rokushiki and a Devil fruit user The superhuman Blueno with over than 800 douriki is Alright! My strenght's restored! ["I'm reviving"] Yet, he lost to That little brat? Ch-Chief! How should we proceed? Lucchi Where is Lucchi? Call Lucchi and the others! Gather them all here! Immediatly give CP9 the other to completly wipe out Straw Hat Luffy and his crew! Y-Yes! Right now! And tell this to Baskerville! "If by any chance you let the pirates do something as lowering the drawbridge, I'll send all of your three heads flying!" Yes! Lift up your face, Nico Robin. These guys finally came this far. Oi This is an extreme thing to do. I already understood the fact that you accepted the government's conditions and got taken away for your nakama's sake. But that agreement was shamelessly broken by that idiot chief just now. Even if you let them capture you obediently doesn't mean you'll save anyone from now on. There shouldn't be any way for you other accepting their rescue and getting out of here. Yet Aren't you making quite a grim face? It's just as if you are still running away from something by yourself Are you scared that your nakama will die here? If you look away, they won't be able to save you. Oi!! Is there someone in there!? From now, I will Make you meet with Straw Hat! Answer, Robin! The Straw Hat crew's outcry!! Listen up, bunch of fools! We gotta take Nico Robin away from Straw Hat urgently! We are heading to the Gates of Justice immediatly! Bring those two!! Ch Chief-dono! It's alright, so won't you hurry for once!? But Franky's ass is inflating!! What the hell is that!? Oh, Spanda. I perceived my own life's end And chosed the path of self-destruction instead. What!? At least I'll take all of you down with me IDIOT! Idiot, wait! With a giant explosion of a 3 kilometres diameter I'm gonna close the curtain on my existence Don't try to stop me! STOP IT! Save me! Don't involve me in this! Three Two Damn! I can't die here! One! STOP IT!! Let's go, Nico Robin! Coup de boo [boo=sound of fart in japanese] Alright, the chains got broken too! We're gonna fall! Super! That was close Good thing there was a fence Yo, you're not hurt, right? If I had another bottle of Cola, I could have taken us to the other side with another Coup de Vent Maa, it's alright. Straw Hat is there. Now, answer him properly. We got tricked! Chief! Franky and Robin broke their chains and ran to the balcony! Idiots, what are you doing!? Capture them immediately! If you let them go, I'll make sure all of you get hanged! Robin! I'm glad! So you were still there! Luffy Capture them once again! Don't ever let them get away! You small fry get outta the way! Weapons left! Looks like Franky is in there too. Alright! Wait for me there! It's far, but I'll try to jump! Gomu gomu no WAIT!! I told you countless times. I won't Come back to you anymore! Go back! I don't even want to see your faces anymore! Why did you come to rescue me!? Why did you come to rescue me? I didn't wish for such a thing! When did I ask you to save me!? I only Want to die!! Interesting! What are those guys doing? What the heck are you planning to do!? They came this far by risking their lives! Yet, you are! That's something they did on their own. What did you say!? Don't mess with- You're in the way. Kaku, you just did that to relieve your frustration, right!? Frustration for eating that weird fruit! You're hella noisy. I like it. Oh? The enemy is Straw Hat alone? Yoyoi! Even if he's alone, it's admirable to have come this far! That's right, Blueno got beaten up. That idiot! As I though, he lost his touch after spending 5 years as a bar owner. Even if he did, was it enough to lose? He lost! Chapapa! Alright! It's great you gathered up, CP9! But let's wait a little bit, the Straw Hat crew just started crumbling on itself!! Let's watch this! This is of the most interesting! That's the spirit, Yokozuna! Keep it up! Guilty! Guilty! The Guilty Jury! Move aside. We'll make a verdict on that frog's crime. Guilty! Guilty! What are those guys? Guilty! Guilty!! Let's go, Chopper! Forget that! Go, Chopper! Me alone? I never knew there was such a thing as a Judge on this island. I heard that all of those who are taken to Enies Lobby are considered criminals. And then, all they can do is pass through an empty Courthouse. That's a mistake, pirate. This is an impartial Courthouse whose authority is unequaled in the world. The trial punishes people fairly. However! The Jury deciding whether the suspect is guilty or innocent here is formed of criminals once condemned to death! Their only hope is to drag all of you down with them! Former criminals once condemned to death!? Because of this, in this city there was never a sole innocence verdict in the past! Kiwi! Guys! Guilty! Guilty! Shit, those guys! Don't falter over this! If we don't get past this place, we won't be able to lower the drawbridge! We entrusted aniki to Straw Hat! This isn't the time for us to be pulling their leg in such a place! Yokozuna! You stood to that steel ball's blows countless times! SCREW THIS!! Just give up! There are still over six thousands soldiers! Saa, let's invade the Courthouse! Bring down the pirates! What happened? Why are the giants there? Frog? Tell me the situation! You're the guy who was with Straw Hat-san What's happening? To have stopped this huge amount of soldiers Yeah, he's one resistant frog! Where are the other guys? They got lost again We don't have much time too That's right As long as I go up, I can use anything. Tatsumaki! Eh, what? This place is dangerous as well! I knew it, all of you aren't normal people! To have giants follow you, you're a fearsome man! No Oh, that's right, all of your nakama went to the rooftop. The rooftop? Hurry up too! King of the Snipers, leave that to me! You want to die? That's right. Say, Chief Shouldn't we just go down there, annihilate that thing, and it'd be the end of the story? Maa, hold on. A captain who risked everything and came this far to rescue his nakama, yet get his efforts to save her rejected at the very end. Have you Ever seen such an interesting spectacle? ROBIN!! DON'T DIE! Listen to his desesperate shouting! I wonder what kind of expression he's What are you babbling about? H-He's picking his nose! You know, Robin We already came this far Anyway, we're gonna save you. Landed well! And then, if you still want to die Die after we've saved you. Ouch You're alright, Chopper? Yeah, I'm fine. But I wonder what was that thing just now. I can somewhat imagine what happened I should have climbed up this way from the start. Zoro! I knew it was you! We were lucky it was only the after-effect! We would have died if we'd been in the center of that goddamn technique! What's wrong with you two? Dash! Shishinabe shoot! I'm certainly the first one here Saa, Robin-chan, sorry to have kept you waiting! I will come save Marimo!! Why the hell did you get here before me!? Ah, you're pretty late. Did you get lost? [nothing to translate there, just wanted to point out how Sanji is losing all his means in front of zoro xD and look at that pose ;3) Where did you learn that freaking word!? Sogeking! He's flying in the sky! Awesome!! Where was he and what was he doing? I wonder if he'll land safely One after another Yoyoi! In any case Sogeking! To think they'd come up there Even if they're the enemy, this is praiseworthy, praiseworthy! Pi Pi-pirates, so many of them! I'll request this from you, Robin! Whether you wanna die or not, I don't care about whatever you say! Say that kind of thing when you'll be at our sides! That's right, Robin-chwan! Robin, come back!! Oi, Sogeking. Can you stand? Of course. Such a little won't stop me Don't worry, I'm alright. Leave the rest to us!! You tako-pirates!! If you value your lives, escape while you can!! I have strenght! Could it be That's right! I hold the power who eradicted your homeland Ohara 20 years ago The Buster Call! Stop it! Nothing but that! Next time, One Piece: Robin's past! The girl who was called a demon! I will become the pirate king!