Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Shigan! If you continue these foolish attacks- I-I'm stuck! This is bad! How unfortunate. Now, in that silly form Die, Strawhat! Shigan "Madara"! Madara: Spots Change back, body! Hurry! I'm gonna get killed! The attack from before damaged my legs? It's changing, it's changing! You see? It really did hurt you! If I don't do something, Everyone's gonna drown! And we just saved Robin-chan, too! It hurts My vision's fading Help! It's alright. Hang in there. I won't let you die. What? What's happening? Something grabbed me! Am I dreaming? I must be It's like the sailors say As they lose consciousness, they see an elegant tail-fin Looking up, they see long, flowing hair Such a beautiful form, like in a dream Mermaid legends If this is a dream, I Don't want to- We'll go super fast! Don't you die on me! Du Du Du Dugong?! The Island Sinking Under Fire! Franky's Regretful Shouts Sorry, guys! We're gonna be taking this ship. The former convoy ship is now an escape ship. Yes. Now we just wait for the Strawhats. What? Don't you Die on me! Ships 6, 7, and 8 have located pirates at the main gate! Oi, you guys, wake up! Oi! It must be a miracle I just can't belive it They must've had a real shock It looks like they must've stopped breathing, meaning they didn't swallow too much water Good. I wonder what shocked 'em that much You. It's you, right? The nakama that the pirate king kid came here to save. We met at the Shift Station, right? I remember you. Back then I never would've thought you guys would do something like this. Hurry up and put some clothes on, stupid hag! I laughed when he said he'd be the pirate king. My nakama are waiting! Stay outta the way! But it seems it might really happen. I-is Nami-san okay? You guys're as lively as ever I'm glad you're alive. It's true! Mermaids really don't exist! Seems like what they always say is true! "If you think you saw a mermaid, it's really a dugong!" Idiots! She didn't say if she's a mermaid yet! Don't ruin my dream! I'm an icefish mermaid. Stop it, no more! But I've never heard of a mermaid with feet before. I object too! Mermaids should be Mermaids should be more Just like the sailors say. Beautiful white skin, Beautiful, flowing hair, shining brightly Stop it! When a mermaid's 30 years old, their tail splits in two, And then they're able to live on land. You'll understand if you go to Fishman Island. In two? I get it, it's like those cats that live to be 100, then their tails split in two. Oh, bake-neko? Bake-neko: According to Japanese myths, bake-neko ("changed-cat") are cats who have lived 100 years. Their tails then split in two, and they have supernatural abilities. Don't mix us up with them!. Where's your gratitude?! Thank you very much, Kokoro-san. Don't mention it! Robin-chwan~! Huh? Where am I? Robin! I'm so glad we made it in time, Robin! You're okay, right? Robin! Yes. All because of you. Thank you. Don't worry about it! Baachan, you're amazing! You were a mermaid? I always thought it was weird that you had a fin and scales! You should've figured it out! Chopper? Are you alright? Huh? I can't move. Yeah. I'll explain it all later. Zoro! I mean, Zoro-kun! Oi, look at that. It's hard to believe it's the same island we were on before. What's up with these attacks? It's like a sea of fire! It seems they were ordered to attack so that Nico Robin remained alive. So, they're not firing at this bridge? If they were trying to keep her alive, that means they'll come back for her. After Enies Lobby's completely destroyed, They'll probably come fight to get Nico Robin back. That's bad! We're already all beaten up, and those ships are bound to have all sorts of strong guys on board Where's Luffy? It seems he's fighting over in that first tower. He's probably fighting that pigeon-bastard, Rob Lucci. That's not too far, we should go help. Don't. The pigeon guy's not normal. If you get caught up in that, who knows what'll happen. We don't know when that fleet of battleships will come this way; We don't wanna lose our way out of here. So we'll wait for Luffy here. That's all. The storm starts now. Got it. It really did get your legs. Just as I thought. It seems your fighting style wasn't simply a game. But don't underestimate the body of a rokushiki master. For such extreme power, a powerful body is required. Why does that matter? Rankyaku "Gaichou"! Are your nakama okay? Idiot! Those guys are good no matter what! They're fine, they're running away! Shit Prepare to fire. Oi, Paulie! What're you doing, just leave the Den-Den Mushi! We need to know how the Strawhats are doing! Dammit! They're firing! Aniki! We can leave anytime! As soon as Luffy comes out, we'll go! Yeah. But thinking about it Right now, there's about as many ships as there are us. Even if we try to leave, getting out of here is nearly impossible. Report from the main north-western gate- All Enies Lobby marines and agents have been collected. We have also located the pirates, around 50 total, in the middle of escaping at the main gate. That's Zambai and the others! See, didn't I tell you? They made it off the island safely! No need to worry 'bout them! Even if you kill 'em, those bastards won't die! This one time- After our attack, nothing remains; They have all died. In the island's current state, survival is impossible. Amount of survivors in Enies Lobby: Zero. This is a report from ship two. From the south-eastern courthouse and Tower of Justice, As well as the underground tunnel connecting to the bridge, Everything is destroyed. The only target remaining is the Bridge of Hesitation. Franky Those guys Yosh. You guys head straight for the courthouse, And meet up with Strawhat-san. We'll split in two groups, and pull the switches. The Galley-La guys, too? If you see those guys Tell them You're fired. Oimo Karsee! How dare you! You guys Betrayed us! Yokozuna was with 'em too You wanna come with us? Sodom And Gomorrah Everyone! "I'll stay with Franky-aniki for the rest of my life!" He said. He got hit in the heart with that! Hurry, before he falls! If you guys don't keep going, what's gonna happen?! Can people really die this easily? You can't see people on a map. They're simply uncaringly erasing an island off of that map. That's the Buster Call. Aniki! We came to save you! Let's go home together! Hurry up, Strawhat! Your nakama're waiting for you! I'm not gonna accept it if you die! Franky! This is the end. I'm not stopping till I beat you. Do you plan on killing yourself? I don't know what'll happen. Gear Second. No matter how strong we are, isn't that overdoing it?! That's too much for us. Got it? Hold 'em off till Luffy gets here! We'll survive, and go back together! Next time on One Piece: Wait for Luffy! Struggle on the Bridge of Hesitation! I'm gonna be the pirate king!