The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death sent all the people of the world out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now in the Grand Age of Pirates! Rankyaku "Renge": Storm leg "lotus blossom" Take this! Yana Gin Jou: Emotional song of the willows What is this? A voice. Oi, hurry up Why're you stopping, Nico Robin?! Oi, did you hear me?! You woman whose mere existence is a crime! Oi, Lucci, drag her along! Grab her by the hair! It's an order. Keep moving. Nico Robin. Wait Do you actually still think the Strawhat crew's gonna come to save you? Idiot! Do you really believe in those lousy pirates? The only thing you'll ever feel will be the pain of your sins. You'll continue to pay for the sin of living until this day! Right? Nico Robin? ROBIN! W-what was that?! I heard a voice! What was that voice?! It got really wide! Where am I? I found you, pigeon-guy! Resounding Bad News! The Buster Call Invoked! Let me congratulate you On making it this far All alone. I'm not alone. I didn't come alone. I wouldn't want to come alone. I'm different from you guys, I'm not alone! All of my nakama are gonna make it here! Rankyaku! Soru! I finally got the hang of this. I'm getting dizzy Sailors shouldn't talk like that! I'm not a sailor, I'm a hero from Sniper Island! My friend Usopp-kun is a sailor, but- Don't talk about stupid stuff. You dodged? This is bad! Prepare yourself. Got it! And don't do anything stupid. Got it! No wait, I'm gonna die! You're gonna kill me! It's no good I'm all slippery, so I can't stand up Anyway, That's a pretty weird ability. I'll only lose if you can break through it. In both strength and beauty, you'll never be able to catch up to me. I gave you a present of beautiful, smooth skin. You should be grateful. Oh, yes, thank you. But Isn't there a limit to it? Are there limits to a woman's desire? Wait, then do it to yourself! Oh, I don't need to. I'm already beautiful enough. Woah, she's weird. What? Nothing. Just you wait I'm gonna launch my counter-attack. Ow ow ow Damn that deer-gorilla I guess I underestimated him But more importantly, I need to get the key. If I don't get to that secretary soon, then Deer-gorilla! Wait a second, you! All available troops, report to the front of the courthouse! This is urgent! Don't falter! Capture the traitors! Traitors? Don't make me laugh The one who betrayed us Was you marines! Besides, we're pirates! What's wrong with pirates fighting marines? Let's go, Oimo! Okay, Karsee! We need to keep firing on them! Firing squad, concentrate your fire on Karsee! Now! Get him! We can't lose now! Go! Oi, Karsee! Next is Oimo! Shoot him down! Looks like something happened outside. The giants tried hard, but Did they reach their limit? Oi Oi, hurry up, you! Damn, this is bad. The pirates shouldn't have gotten this far! Oi! Everyone respond! CP9! What the hell're you guys doing?! One of the pirates made it in here! Oi, are you listening? Answer me already! Wait! You that's! Go-Go-Golden Denden Mushi! The Silver Denden Mushi has received a signal! A Buster Call has been requested! A Buster Call has been requested by Admiral Aokiji! Where? Enies Lobby. Call the five Vice-Admirals nearest to our destination. At this distance, it's quickest to leave from the headquarters. How long? We can arrive in 30 minutes. Prepare ten battleships immediately. Call in five Vice-Admirals. Quickly! Yes sir! A Buster Call has been requested! Our destination is Enies Lobby! Prepare ten battleships immediately! Oi! Oi! Yes, Director? Dammit, this is the hand with the little Denden Mushi Damn, I was too careless. Why'd I have to push the Golden Denden Mushi? And I just had To call the Buster Call! And I just had To call the Buster Call! B-Buster Call? That can't be What is this, an announcement? How could you Stop it immediately! That's Robin's voice! Things are going to get very bad! Robin! What? "Stop it?" Oi oi, who the hell do you think you're talking to? What's that conversation? Oi, don't move! WE CAN'T! Isn't a Buster Call great? What's wrong with it? That's Director Spandam's voice, right? Yeah This is fine. I'm the Director of Cipher Pol No. 9. I called the Buster Call to deliver you to the government safely. Yeah, that's great! But no matter what happens First, we have to make sure that all the pirates are dead! But that's Didn't I tell you?! That isn't all! That attack doesn't have any humanity! The Director and Who's that woman? Everything in Enies Lobby will go up in flames! The buildings, the people Even the island itself! A nightmarish attack, sacrificing anything to achieve its goal That's the Buster Call! You have no idea what happened on Ohara 20 years ago! Oh, that's fine. The government doesn't care. After that idiotic Cutty Flam burned the Pluton blueprints You're the only clue we have to the ancient weapons. Enough military force to overturn this entire era is coming this way. In order to completely destroy those idiots who insist on taking you away, It doesn't matter how many thousands of soldiers die. It's all a necessary sacrifice for a glorious future! And most importantly, I'll get my promotion. What's he talking about?! Sacrifice us? He's gotta be kidding! What do you think people's lives are?! Don't forget, CP9 are the government's assassins. If it's necessary for 100 people to die in order to save 1000, Then we'll immediately go and kill those 100. Being heartless is necessary for true justice. Anyway, worthless soldiers that can't even stop those pirates that broke in Are better off dead anyway, idiot! That Denden Mushi It's still on. Shit! That whole conversation went through?! U-um, well, my name is Strawhat Luffy LIAR! Everyone, leave the island! A Buster Call is headed towards Enies Lobby! Nobody on the island will be safe! Don't say those things! A Buster Call It sounds like a Buster Call is coming. What's that guy doing? Well, it sounds like we're in danger. I'M THE ONE IN DANGER! Well, that's too bad. It seems you have no more chances. Don't worry. We're used to this kinda thing. Pirate kid, What kinda star were you born under? Things're getting even more interesting! A Buster Call was called! Battleships are coming! Get outta Enies Lobby! Why are they running away from battleships? They said the island was gonna go up in flames. But this is the government's island! You think I don't know that?! Oi, if you guys are running, untie us first! It's the Buster Call! If we stay here, we'll die! Bring the ships to the main gate! Prepare to sail! The Marines Are coming to attack! They left us behind Oi, what're we gonna do?! Aren't we in danger?! We've been in danger ever since we came here. And Aniki? How's Franky-aniki? Yeah, if he doesn't come back, we can't go home with him! Same with the Strawhats! Then, what's gonna happen? What's happened to everyone?! We need to hurry too. We should clean this up fast, then head to the Gate of Justice. I've got it. What? What did you get? A way to get off the handcuffs? A way to get out of here? You are Hana-Arashi: Nose-Storm This isn't the time for that! CHOPPER! Aren't you done yet?! Saying such annoying things If the pirates really did run away, How, exactly Would you pay for it? What was that? Where was Robin talking from? The other side of this door. I'm not going to let you through. Move. Robin's gotta be through that door! She's there. You're not seeing her. Ever again. No. I'm gonna go see her! I'm going now! Robin! What's this? My whole body is I'm sorry. Since the Buster Call was called, our playtime is over. Rankyaku! A-a fake? Mirage Tempo. I'm over here! Next time on One Piece: Five Namis? The Counter-Attack is With the Mirage! I'm gonna be the pirate king!