One Piece Treasure Sweepstakes! The first letter is The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! Luffy and the others arrived at Enies Lobby. We have from the Main Gate to the Gate of Justice, to get Nico Robin and Franky back, or we lose. Why's that? Wherever Robin is taken away, we just have to follow after her until we succeed! I told you before we left Water 7, didn't I? If we pass that gate, our destination will either be the Marines' Headquarters or the Great Submarine Prison! No matter what, we must settle things before that. That's how it is. But still, even if we all get on the island, the ones who really stand a chance to win against the CP9 are Just you guys! I came to understand your strength while travelling on this train with you. That's why you should wait here for five minutes and then bash into the Main Island with the Rocketman! We'll go fight first and open a passage so that the train can pass between the Main Gate and the Main Island Gate. After that, we want you to go on, no matter how many of us fall. We only have around sixty members, but the other side should have around two or three thousand soldiers. You Straw Hats should try to avoid unnecessary battles and concentrate on just following the CP9. Yeah, I got it! Hey guys, this is the front of the island! Look well at the sky behind Enies Lobby. That is the Gate of Justice! SO HUGE!! Saa! There is no time to hesitate! Then we'll infiltrate the island according to the plan! Let us cover you! Oi!! Aren't those two with us? Luffy burning with desire to get Robin back Hey, where's Luffy? Eh? He was here until just now Hey, it's Straw Hat-san! What the hell is he doing all by himself!? That guy doesn't understand the plan at all! It didn't serve any purpose He said he understood, right? Waiting five minutes is impossible for him. I guess so. sneaked in to Enies Lobby alone. On the other side, Chief Spandam is leading the CP9 And then This is the wonderful day when the eight members of the CP9, including myself, will finally be gathered together, but What's the meaning of this article!? In our new plan to assassinate the leader of the revolution, the orders were to take out three people and your mission would have been over But you just had to kill twenty three people, right!? If you have excuses, try them! Yoyoi!! I make all my apologies, chief! In the commanding center of Enies Lobby, the Judiciary Tower Everything is my Spandam was awaiting the arrival of Lucci and the others, with the rest of the CP9 members. Responsibility! Stop that, Kumadori! A man shouldn't lower his head so easily! I'll explain everything to the chief, so sit down! I can't die! Hurry up and commit suicide! You bastard! We'll be in trouble if he dies, chapapa! It's okay, I understood! Forget it, guys Acha!! I spilt my coffee! Shit!! And I heard Nero wasn't of any use! Mah, it's okay What's up with this place? There's such a huge hole! It looks like the island is floating! There's a town, too. Robin I wonder if she's in there. There's someone up there! Shoot him down immediately! Ah, I've been spotted! He passed the gate! And Luffy, who already passed the Main Gate This is the Main Gate! This is the Main Gate! This is a message for the chief officer on the Main Island! What do you want? What's happening? There's an intruder who passed the Main Gate and is heading towards the Main Island! What? Surely you can at least take care of just one intruder. But, that! This is the Main Island Gate! We confirm the presence of an intruder. continues rushing the same way, heading to the Main Island Gate. Hey there little guy, stop running. Don't you know where you are? Please be careful when dealing with him! If my eyes serve me right, this man could be Straw Hat Luffy! What!? What did you just say!? I think he's the man with a 100 million bounty! The Straw Hat pirate!! Robin Where is Robin!? This is an extremely urgent report from the Main Gate! What is it this time!? A group of intruders passed the front barrier riding monsters! We need reinforcements! Reinforcements Don't waste a moment, let's go! What's up!? Gatekeepers, answer! What's happening!? What is it, Nico Robin? Don't stop. Guys, are you prepared? What about your wounds? I'm okay. It's because I'm Sogekiiing -! Seatrain Rocketman! Only four minutes left and We'll assault them! I'm really sorry, but Could you let me pass, please? Even if you ask politely When I say no, I mean No!! Understood! Then Get ready! Damn you pirate! Oh, that's dirty! He got his arms! Such a childish trick! Don't falter! Ah! Sorry! Ah!! I'm so sorry! Sempai! Stop fooling around! Your back is completely open! That guy Stop him! It's only one mere human! What's this? His body seems so light! I'll hurry in first. Let's meet again! See ya! Wait! He went inside! Hurry up and follow him! He entered the Main Island! Contact the chief! Message from the Main Island Gate to the chief! Straw Hat Luffy intruded the Main Island! What!? You let an intruder enter the Main Island? What the hell is happening!? What about Oimo and Kaashii? Did those two get beaten too? No, it should be night time in their country, so They must be asleep Is this the time to sleep!? Smack them awake now! Do the same to the soldiers sleeping on the Main Island! Yes! Is it alright for you to scream this much for a mere intruder, director? We are here Don't be stupid! As the entrance of the World Government, the Judiciary Island wears its sacred crest! Any idiot is supposed to at least understand what it means to invade this place! That guy went all the way to the Main Island just to get one nakama back! Acha! Acha! Looking down on us! The Straw Hat crew and their damn subordinates Gatekeepers! Tell me about the situation at the Main Gate! Oi, gatekeepers! How many enemies are there!? Where are they now!? Answer, Main Gate! Oi, what's wrong!? Eheh! As if I'd waste bullets for this! Try entering this door! Open the gates! Don't let them open it! You're in the way! Mozu, go left! Understood! I won't let you pass! A hair came from my nose! You shouldn't get distracted! Hurry up! I owe you one! Not done yet!? Mozu! Kiwi! This keyhole won't last long against a member of the Franky Family! It's done! Here too! Yosh! It's time to open the gates! Kairiki Destroyers! Don't let them through! Shit! Scram! You're in the way! Let's break through! We breached the first one, the Main Gate! Oooh! What's this hole!? We don't have time, don't look down! Move forward! Continue running to the Main Island! It's a waterfall! Yatta! Hey guys, this way! Hurry up and lend a hand! Kaashii-san! Oimo-san! Please wake up quickly! The Main Gate was opened by the intruders! He said that the Main Gate was opened Oimo. We can't just let that go. Kaashii It's hard since we just woke up We have work to do. Let's go Here! I still haven't gotten enough sleep Let's take care of them quickly and get back to sleep. Oimo! G-Gi-Giants! I don't know what you guys came here for But you should go back home before you get squashed! Right, Oimo? Yeah, Kaashii. I think so too. Let's squash their bones flat Having giants as gatekeepers That's not fair! So big! The Kairiki Destroyers look tiny in front of them! Saa, go home! I won't let you pass through this gate. Oimo! They're coming! No matter who the enemy is, we musn't falter! Franky Family! If it's for aniki! Oi, you understand that? Yeah Yosh! Only us three can do it! Even those giants can't resist the superhuman strength we got from dismantling ships! Destroyers! The three Kairiki Destroyers were! They got done in an instant! We were born fighters! Compared with tiny humans slightly larger than normal, the blood that flows through our veins is way different. I won't let any of you pass through! Oimo! Don't be afraid! Don't let your morale decrease! That's right! Our aniki Franky is behind those doors! Fight so we won't put shame over aniki's name! Franky Family! Two minutes left, huh? Oi! Straw Hat Luffy! How many nakama did you bring with you? Enies Lobby has over ten thousand soldiers! Yeah. I'm alone. Open the way! I won't let even one of you pass this gate! Let's follow Straw Hat-san!! Next time, One Piece: Battle with the Giants! Open the Second Door! I'm gonna be the Pirate King! Here's how you can get your present! Write the four letters that appeared in the show, your address, your full name, your age, your opinion of the show and you may win a lot of prizes! The last keyword is this!