Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! I've decided to visit Elbaf! Eh? Please don't go! I was kidding. I can understand your feelings. Will you be coming back, Usopp?! Of course, idiot! Geez, you guys sure love me! What is he doing? That idiot. Everyone's Finally Wanted! The Crew of Over Six Hundred Million Yokozuna! You're late, hurry up! I'll leave this place to you! Geez, these two are really something. As expected from Tom Workers. Yeah, just when I thought we caught up with them. I can't think of keeping up with them. It's unexpected. Besides, I kinda feel rather insignificant compared to them. There's no time to be concerned. We too, let's show them what the 1st Dock men are capable of! Yeah! Yokozuna and everyone too! Do your best! What's so funny? I was just recalling all the warships you made out of garbage on this junk island. You were angry, right? Because I built weapons. Yeah. Besides the fact that they were used as evidence to catch Tom-san. But when I look at this, I understand. That experience of building those warships definitely wasn't useless. That's no justification. I disputed with Tom-san That Bakanky With this ship, sailing to the New World won't be a dream. Just like Tom-san said, you'll be full of pride with a "Don"! Iceburg. To think those two would join forces to build a ship. Idiot! What are you doing instead of work?! Just building these ships is dangerous! Shut up! It has nothing to do with you, right?! Bakaburg! What's wrong with him? It's better to throw away that moron! Don't say that, you're nakama who build ships together. His skills are comparable to those of the shipwrights on the island. Though the things he builds are indeed dangerous. He's just being honest with himself. You two someday will definitely become the world's greatest craftsmen. Get along with each other. At this rate, we'll finish it sooner than we planned. Iceburg. As I said, this isn't an ordinary pirate ship. I'm aware of it. It's something you That's not what I mean. It's not just the marines. It's for those who even faced the World Government head on, a ship for the Strawhat crew. If it's known that you, the mayor of Water Seven, helped to build a ship for that crew You'll be standing in a difficult position. You understand the consequences, right? What will happen then, will happen then. Besides, have you forgotten? Tom-san also said it. Franky, there's no such thing as pirate ship blueprints in this world. If the ones who ride it wear a skull, it's a pirate ship. If they wear seagulls, it's a marine ship. It doesn't matter what kind of ship you made, As a man, be full of pride with a Don! That's why I No, Galley-La Has been making ships following that belief. That, for me Means helping you fulfill your dream. I also believe in what I am doing I didn't ask you to get involved in this, Bakaburg. You got cured a long time ago And even though you rebuilt your body You didn't change You're the same as before. My Dream? Give back Tom-san! Stop, sea train! Tom-san, I don't want to build ships anymore. Those ships that hurt the ones I loved the most I don't want them! But, Tom-san My objective is To become like you! Come back, I want to learn from you again! I also someday Will make the ship of my dreams! One that can go to the end of the world and travel any road with a Don A dream ship! I'm beaten My bodyis hot I'm still alive At this rateI will die No one's here. An abandoned scrapped ship. Scrap Iron pieces A place which calms me down First, if I don't do something about this unmoving body However, what's with that appearance of yours? Shut up! I had to replace the parts of my body that couldn't be used anymore with iron. We never change We start yelling when we see each other And I couldn't forgive you for what happened back then You alsomight be thinking that way Franky Bastard I'mreally Glad you're alive. What's with "I'm glad you're alive"? Because I'm alive, you have to be here helping me fulfill my dream. You are also such a naive guy, Iceburg. Oh! Luffy, what a coincidence to meet you in this place. What, I'm just taking a walk. Well, this is unusual, isn't it? Okay then, I'll go back to the crew. This is the 53rd pattern. But, if I don't find him, I can't use that. If so, it's better we make contact That's right, then I'll go! What's going on? Everyone has such a serious face. As I thought, if I'm not there the Strawhat crew won't stop having this strained looking atmosphere. For everyone's sake, here I will The 34th pattern. Geez, the evening wind is the way to one's heart. I gotta make it audible. It's here, it's here. This is a critical moment. Pretend that this is a coincidence. Isn't that Usopp over there? No, I just happened to be passing by. No good, if you stay in this place you'll catch a cold. You better get inside. I see, I know how you feel. After all, I'm not there. Let's leave the mistakes in the past, you! Went to sleep? The new ship is almost finished If I don't do something to go back to the crew Yosh! If that's the case, I'll have to come up with a new pattern strategy! Aniki, here comes the goods! Galley-La, please take a rest too. We also brought the cold colas Aniki wanted! They're really chilled! I'm really really hungry! Of course there's more of this too, right? Iceburg and Franky, please have it first. You have been at this without drinking anything. The body can't stand that much. Yeah, we can have it later. So, you'll let us have them? It's also not a bad idea to recharge myself with cola to power up. Recharge complete! The super Franky! Pose! Pose! Franky, when the ship is ready, what'll you do? What will I do? Are you satisfied just by giving the ship to the Strawhats? Will your dream be fulfilled? You like them, right? Like I said, I don't intend in the least to leave this island. I see. Aniki. Well, let's keep going. Yokozuna, you take it easy for now. Paulie, we're shifting. I'm so tired that I lost my appetite. It's as if those two wouldn't know what being tired is like. Geez. Do your best, Aniki. We'll throw a big party when the ship is finished! I'm looking forward to it! Looking forward! Even though it was only for a little while, I had funwith you guys. We'll definitely save you! I want to pass my dream on to you Nothing would make me happier. As I promised, I'll make you an amazing ship! Just wait, Strawhat! Aniki. Iceburg, you're already tired, how about some sleep? That would be you! Unfortunately, I'm super okay! Sorry, but me too! Look Tom-san, the legendary shipbuilding skills you once had Have been passed down to these two kids. The log is set. The log pose is pointing to the next island. Then, all that's left is to get on the ship. It'll be fun! That's right, since it's going to be a surprise, he told us not to go and see it. You guys, if you follow that log, do you know where you will arrive? No, where? It seems to be pointing down a little. That's right. The next island is The bottom of the sea paradise, Merman Island. M-M-M-M-M-Merman Island?! At last?! Eh?! What's wrong Sanji?! Merman Island? How complicated Oh yeah, because of what happened in your village But, that merman was a pirate, right? That's correct, you really did understand it, right, idiot? Even though you're stupid. Merman Island is a famous landmark on the Grand Line! The world's most beautiful mermaids draw arcs in the sea. A dream kingdom where you can coexist with the fishes. Amazing! But, can't we dream? We're pirates! There should be some young ones! However, getting to the paradise isn't that simple. I'm worried about this "bottom of the sea" concept, though We'll know if we go there. The problem isn't there. Take a look at the most recent newspaper front page. What's this? Once again this month, 14 ships have disappeared. What does this mean? That triangular zone is The Florian Triangle. It's an area you're forced to pass through to get to the paradise. Every year over 100 ships disappear in that sea for unknown reasons Then, much later, the ships are found without any of the sailors. There are eyewitness reports of a ghost ship carrying those deceased ones who sailed in that sea. Ghosts appear?! That's scary! Will we see living skeletons?! What're you imagining? No! I definitely don't want to encounter or see them! Such an awful ship! What could happen in that sea? Who knows Anything could happen there. Those who enter that sea never come back, that's why I don't know It's a foggy, deep, dark sea Be careful Anyway, before entering that extremely disastrous, dangerous sea, you better be firmly prepared. Ghost ships that are mere shadows of what were once merchant ships or pirate ships Are indispensable parts of the legends of treasure ships. Let's search for the ghost ships! Leave it to me! Eh?! I don't want to! I intend to stock up with lots of provisions in case we have an accident, so don't worry. A treasure ship? There might be katanas as well. Pirate-niichans! Strawhat! You need something? Franky-aniki told us to come and call for everyone! The dream ship is complete! It looks great! Is it complete already?! That was fast! The five top-notch shipwrights stayed up all night building it! Building it! Yosh! Then let's go! Strawhat-san! Strawhat-san! Franky family! What's wrong with you guys? You're out of breath. To be honest, we just heard about it! Did you see the wanted posters?! Wanted posters? You have been given an unexpected bounty, Strawhat-san! Also, everyone else has one as well! Me too?! Alright! Me too?! Me too?! Instead of talking, see it for yourselves. All seven of you now have bounties! Strawhat Luffy Bounty 300,000,000 beri. It went up! Pirate Hunter Zoro Bounty 120,000,000 beri. Burglar Cat Nami Bounty 16,000,000 beri. No wa-! Cotton Candy Lover Chopper (Pet) Bounty 50 beri. Fifty? The Devil's Child Nico Robin Bounty 80,000,000 beri. Who's that? Black Leg Sanji (Attempt to take a photo failed) Bounty 77,000,000 beri. There's also one for Sogeking. Fifty? I-I know these were your motives and you have many many things to say to each other but, Please wait. What we're requesting, is here. Franky! Cyborg Franky Bounty 44,000,000 beri. This is terrible, Aniki has a bounty on his head! It's terrible! That's right. We somehow managed to avoid this, but Aniki couldn't Aniki's life will be in danger if he stays in Water Seven. If he gets caught this time, we won't have the power to save him! Surely, Aniki must be worried about us and doesn't want to leave the island. That's why we all came to talk with you! Strawhat-san, I beg of you! Even if it is against his own will, take Aniki out to the sea! That man was the child of a pirate to begin with! Yosh! Let's go get our new ship! I can't wait! Oh! That's it, Luffy, it's huge! Amazing! Franky! Where are you Franky?! Next time on One Piece: The King of Beasts That Will Cross the Ocean! The Dream Ship's Magnificent Completion I'm gonna be the Pirate King!