Isn't this the moment to have the heart Net of it? If this woman is our enemy Or our friend. Another thing Iceberg-san, why do you have the research opinion of Nico Robin in your room? Does Ca disturb you? A little. It is preferable that you would not be with the current. It is a demon. This evening, you will enter again to Iceberg. Of all the apprentices of Tom who could have it in their possession Only still in life is Iceberg. It does not matter how you reach that point In the name of the CP9, we will take it to him this evening. Remember that this mission is for the good of justice. If something occurs, it will be this evening. One goes there? One goes there. Which is our goal? To catch Robin. It is the only means of more. It is true, one wastes time to reflect. But it is the only way of knowing the truth. Yosh, I will do my better, me too. Then, allons-y In Galley it Company. The guy, remain on your guards! If one lets pass a pirate, we will be the shame of Galley it. Do not let them enter! Protect Iceberg-san! No pity for the assassins! How that occurs to the back. All the entries of the fortress are blocked. All is under control. Approach if you dare it! We all will catch them one by one! How is that presented, Chopper? Does Ca move? It still occurred anything. But Everyone is armed, and they have the air strapping men. Obviously. These carpenters can overcome pirates. We must act prudently and at the good moment. With the least forgery not, one is foutu. It is you who says that? I know you, you will sink lowered head Chopper, we do not know with what to await us. Describe us until more the small detail. Informed us with the least movement. Yes, of agreement. The night is likely to be long, then remains concentrated. If we let pass this chance We will set out again bredouilles. We will not be likely second to find Robin. We are not entitled to the error. Ouais, one will catch Robin, I am sure. The signal is the explosion! The CP9 passes to the action Kalifa. Yes, Iceberg-san. Me, could you excuse leave me only a moment? Of agreement. And then Sendings me Paulee. Yes. Paulee. Iceberg-san has something of important to say to you. Me? Yes, you only. I will be with the secretariat. Call me if there needs. From what you will discuss? I know anything of it. ITS LAST WILLS?! He said that it was important. Quickly will join it. One will move away from the door. Yes. OF WHAT WANTS IT TO SPEAK WITH PAULEE?! Connaissant Iceberg, it is surely in connection with the government. With the fact, news of the pirates? According to the searchs for Kalifa, they are Sept. The captain Luffy with the straw hat, Zoro the hunter of pirate and Nico Robin. The girl, and the type with the long nose which was with the dock n°1 this midday. Yes, and with the two remainders, the account is good. Their goal does not have any more importance. If they enter here, they are foutus. We will catch them all to finish some with them. Yes, I include/understand. You could find you in danger. I reflected much, you are the only one from whom I can request it. Can you take the responsability for it? Do not worry you. Let me make I count on you. I go there immediately. Is maintenance finished? Ouais. I will make a turn. Afflicted but I must leave you a few moments, of agreement? Not engraves. Even to four, one is largely sufficient. Of agreement. Take care of Iceberg-san. Listen to me, Paulee. On the right under the table of the main office If you turn over the carpet You will find a trunk. That one. I will tell you the combination, then listening well. Initially, six on the right. Ka-cha Ready summers you? Yes, they is good. Then I launch the diversion. To the 4 remainder, to announces want to carry out your mission. Included/understood well. In the name of the CP9. They is good, Nico Robin? Yes. When you want. CA EXPLODE! It was what this explosion?! Quickly, of water! Move the casualties in sure place! Quickly! Extinguish fire! It was a shell?! Not, it came from null leaves! That planned summer! Ca burns! Dispatch you to extinguish! Give me a knack! It is the signal. Allons-y. The explosion took place on the northern face! Is everyone well? How half among you remain at their stations! We did not locate the enemy yet! Be ready to draw, reinforce the défences! Do not let them return in the building of the company! YOU ARE WELL, ICEBERG-SAN?! Ah, that frightened me. I saw somebody! They are disguised! Capture them! THEY ARE THERE! LEAVE THEM TO ME! I will deal with them. He! Wait! Good By there! Catch them! Do not let them escape! It is alone! Encircle it! Approaches, assassin of pirate! It is assembled on the roof with its whip! You believed that there would be nobody on the roof? Do not underestimate the craftsmen of Galley it. How oses you of the acts as insane as the meurte? Prepare, pirate! We will never forgive each other! You would make better stop. You are not size against me. Two people arrive by there! They move towards the entry of behind! Catch them! Do not let them enter the building! Continue them! Dispatch you to capture them! Do you remember the plan of the fortress, Nico Robin? The carpenters do not know any more where to give head. That becomes more and more annoying What do we make? Do we have to enter? Hein? Where is Luffy? REFLECTED A LITTLE BEFORE ACTING! AHO-CAPTAIN! Too much late The door of behind! They move towards the door of behind! Wedge them! Do not let them escape! Stop them! You have notch to show you in spite of so many guards?! Do not make fun you of Galley it! You, who have to dare to raise the hand on Iceberg-san, your destiny is sealed! Appointment! You will not go further, pirates! Appointment now and show your face! We will capture you and trap the others! Assassins! They prepare a dirty blow! FIRE! They are disappeared! It is a joke! What happens there? Where are they? Are Oi, you well? Extremely Who is this manager of whip? It moves in the airs. Impossible. To move in the airs? All this is not reasonable. It jumped! GENPO! [Not on the moon] Still, it jumps in the airs! [Jet of spines] I had warned you. Here it is! Court! It jumps in the court! Encircle it! Oi, by there! All on it, one will have it! It is that Would this be the goods of Mr. Iceberg? Bring to me that. You do not know anything of his true value. Who are you? From which do you leave? Darkness. According to our charter, we represent justice. The secret organization Cipher pol. Number 9. From where that you came, you should have crossed the craftsmen. Who knows Perhaps that yes Perhaps that not. My memory is lacking to me. The attempted murder of yesterday is nothing beside this evening. We remained quiet on this subject At all events, give to us the treasure of Mr Iceberg. And you, who maintaining know some too much Give us your life. In the name of justice Immediately, here. Did you find both which disappeared behind? Not, they are untraceable! And inside There are a guard with each door and fenètre! It is impossible for them to enter! Shit, dumbs of pirates, where are parties?! They must hide some share! Still seek! We must absolutely capture them, included/understood?! Behind this wall. Yosh, pushes now! Which surprise. I knew that you would come in one way or another But not by there. Do you have to use the same technique yesterday evening? Normally, there is no door here. It is the Doa-Doa fruit. [Doa = carries] Can-import the hardness of the wall, the part which I touch this exchange in door. As long as there is a wall, I can enter and leave as I like it. What? We did not receive the signal yet. They did not say that one could not weaken it, it can still speak. A good cook never neglects the preparation of the ingredients. It is to prevent that it tries anything before the signal Nothing to leave randomly and prevent the least movement, it is as that which the professionals work. This would be Methods of the CP9? You very included/understood. It is true. I was mistaken in connection with Straw hat. It had nothing to do with all that. You do not have with you to make some. You told truth while affirming to have seen me. Did Ca form also part of the plan? Yes. To leave you in life and to make show the pirates. And if we had to kill you Our objective, the sketches of a certain boat, would not have been achieved. This object is transmi between carpenters from generation to generation. Whereas you felt your life in danger You wanted to entrust it to someone else. And the designated man was the engineer of the Dock n°1, Paulie. Our companions deal already with him. Then all occurs As you had envisaged. They would seem that all is held perfectly Yes. I will deal with the engineers of outside. Nico Robin, débarasse us of this man then. When they take the croqui hands of Paulie, they will contact you. This moment, Iceberg must die. Afterwards, we will kill Paulie which knows the truth, and the mission will be finished. The crew of Straw hat will be all the wrong against him. Whore. Why does he never listen to but one says to him? He always does that. But Robin is surely implied in all that. What will one make? We must remain discrete! But it is also a chance for us. Do you think that Luffy entered the building discreetly? Surely not. Not, Not. It had to enter without making details in the fortress. Without knowing where it goes and pursued on all the sides. You think what of it? Completely of acccord. Of agreement, agreement. It is true? According to the engineers, it is him which is behind all that. Thus if the leader appeared, everyone east were put at its continuation. What wants to say that the reinforcements at the entry must be now reduced. It is necessary to benefit from it To infiltrate us inside. I see. Thanks to Luffy, we are likely thus to enter. Of agreement. Then one can sink without risks, not truth? Let us jump this barrier. One sinks, of agreement? Yosh, one enters! Let us follow Luffy! WHY ALL THIS WORLD?! Whore, I am wedged. I wanted jumped in the fortress But I wedged myself and I cannot any more moved. I cannot leave. I must hurry. Await me, Robin!