While delivering itself to the government, Robin received in exchange the promise which it will not attack us. Then Robin we had lied well I will not let Robin die! Paulee-san! Not yet! What good is it to reflect? One takes a boat and one continues them! There are not really the choice. Allons-y. Oï, the guy with the cords Lend to us a boat Not, better there would not be one another Umi Ressha on the departure? There is one Umi Ressha in the world, it is Puffing Tom. It is a legendary work built by engineers with the danger of their life! Then to us a boat lends! Most robust and fastest of this city! Forget that! You ace not considering the state of the sea or what?! You ace failed to make you carry by the waves! It is true! It is impossible to leave at sea by this time! Be to you idiot or what? Cretin! No boat can cross Aqua Laguna, even banal. You ace considering the state of the low city! This city had not moved of an inch at the time of the preceding ones Aqua Lagunas It is deplorable. But this one is out of the commun run. If you take the sea now, even the most solid galleon would be tiny room in crumbs of only one blow. I will never let to you take a boat by knowing the risks which you incur! Wait tomorrow. It will be lent to you, but once the storm will have been calmed. Oï, you others, put yourself at the shelter. Research is finished. It would be stupid which you are done to take because you trail. Well! If If we wait until tomorrow Will our objectives be filled for as much? I know which kind of place east Enies Lobby. I remembered some when I heard that it was an island of the government. This is not Isn't this there that the Door of Justice is? ANOTHER UMI RESSHA? THE EXIT OF ROCKET MAN Isn't this there that the Door of Justice is? It is what that? The island of justice, pertaining in the Government, Enies Lobby. It is a so-called Court of justice. The simple fact of being transferred to Enies Lobby means the judgment. The criminals cross a court of justice empties and arrive opposite large and cold door steel. This door is called the Door of Justice. Any criminal passing by this door will re-examine never again light of day, it represents despair. Because, after having left the port, and having crossed this door There exist only two places where to join the sea. The first is the center decisional of the world military capacity. The General headquarter of the Navy. The second is a place of torture and executions. The most dangerous criminals in the world prisoners are retained there. It is a vast underwater prison Impel Down. In short, Enies Lobby does not show no pity for the criminals. It has justice only the name, it is not nothing of other that a court empties that one crosses. Isn't this? For a person sought like Robin, it will be the hell, where which it goes. In this moment even, in each second Robin a little more Door of Justice approaches. One cannot wait tomorrow morning! You seem quite informed, but lets to me say something to you. Even if the sea were enough calm to leave in boat you should not go over there. , You do not forget are pirates! As you said it, Enies Lobby is the entry towards the center of the World Government. There is thus a powerful army which defends it. No pirate could hope there to go to release one of its team-members because it knows what would arrive to him then. You intend really to beat you against the elite of the World Government?! C-C' is true, the guy! Give up! Because of Aqua Laguna, you will not be able to embark before the paddle! You would go towards an unquestionable death! You would not have any chance of you to leave there! Luffy Then, one goes YOU TO STEAL A BOAT! One leaves at sea NOW! Our friends await us! DO NOT OBSTRUCT US!! The waves are irritated too! He wants to fight? He makes fear Very well, I will be your adversary. One moment, you others. Kokoro-san. It is you who you horns, Straw hat. Paulee rightly, young imbecile. But keep silent yourself! It is not Not my business, I know. Include/understand me well If one lets to you make, you will die. Listen if there is a means well for to pass through this Aqua Laguna It is without any doubt legendary Umi Ressha. But it is not there, it is for that that one wants to draw in boat! If you are ready to die, then follow me. I will lend to you Umi Ressha! Who it is? Ch' board not. Imbeciles! What do you wait? All the people without uniform are criminals here! With the attack! Why is it necessary always that occurs like that? I thought that it was a good plan To cross without being turned over Hein?! Sanji! One moment! One will not let to you make! Twins? Sanji, what you cards on Umi Ressha? I should turn over you the question. With you euh of which I do not know the name. It was not very credible. Look at that here! Of Den-Den Mushi! That given pleasure that. Oh, but thus say y' in has full. It is surely the room of communication. People of the coaches of before had only masks, costumes and full with other tricks which are used for nothing I can finally call Nami-san. Thus you, you are in the same pirate crew? Ex-companions. And you, be to you who? I am the hidden side of Seven Toilets. Franky, the desossor. THEN It IS YOU FRANKY! OLD SHIT! You ACE DOES MUCH EVIL WITH OUR HONEST LONG-PIF! YOU WANT THAT I CUT YOU IN HOW MUCH PIECES?! Have-await, Sanji! It did without much things since! Dumb! Wait to see that I remove me from these cords! It is not the moment to fight. Euh It saved Merry at one time. It is true Merry is Oï oï! It is not the moment to depress! It does not matter, Nii-chan! Please! Withdraw these cords! It HAS ME WHICH YOU CAUSE?! You will remain attached all your life, ducon! Dumb! Go ahead, insults me whereas I try to be polished! Stop! Good blood! Oï! If one does not hurry, one will be made locate! But your mouth you! What?! The farm, you two! Move your bottom and detaches me! Do not give me orders, you! AAAAH! I CAN about IT MORE! T-Bone captain. CYB3RFR34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM Franky is also with them Yes, but Umi Ressha left. Everyone seeks the crew of Straw hat, but it is rather difficult When they know that one can save it, their force will not know any limit! A cellar! This warehouse has been with the abandonment for eight years. One has not touched there for twelve years, and the arrival of Umi Ressha. Allons-y, Chopper! If that is, it does not function even any more. Oï! That is likely to pose problem! Oï oï! Gently Pas la pains to run. One needs a key to return. What? It is open. Here it is! They is too cool! Super! As I said it, it is not perfect. It was baptized Rocket Man. It cannot transport passengers. ROCKET MAN! It with the fast air! Brilliant! It is what this head? The head of shark, it was right to be delirious Ice-Ossan Straw hat, you were quite alive The girl pirates had thus seen just. Kokoro-san brought you here then. It would be said that are to you always in life, Iceberg. What do you make there? I came here for the same reason as you. I was not going to drop these morons! Take it. I prepared it. Water and coal are charged, the vapor is pressurizing itself. Ossan, you prepared it for us?! You will celebrate that only on your return. This Rocket Man, it does not matter how one regulates it, its speed remains unverifiable. It is a missed prototype going back to before Puffing Tom. I cannot guarantee your safety. Ah! Thank you, Ice-Ossan! Yosh, it left! The guy, one goes up! Granny! Make signs to us as soon as Nami arrives! Does Luffy, that go? You do not stop losing balance since presently. You ace due to lose too much blood. I have much of forces So only I had meat. Quickly! By here! Wait! Not need to make all this way, you do not want to eat here rather?! Yes! You have a small hollow, it is that? YOU THINK THAT I CAN PUFF OUT ALL THAT?! Hein?! Afflicted, I am late! Nami. Oï! But what did you foutais? Hurry to go up, idiot! Wow, brilliant It is also Umi Ressha? I would ever have thought that there was another here. Impressing. Where you stays passed, Nami? It is you which said that one did not have time! And it is what this bag?! Meat and beer. Dé' cholé to be to me irritated! If you are able to make it jump of the sewers and to to hang to the railway, it will already not be badly. That will go. I can better control these machines that whoever. Te do not make a concern and rests a little. I thank you. Chimney must be playing some leaves by there, take care of it well. Well. Worry you, I am sure that it is well. Even when it was made press by Umi Ressha it knew to be raised. Moreover, there will be the Lord of the Pirates with us. STRAW HAT! Them? Franky Family! It is really not the moment Please TAKE US ALONG WITH YOU! Of the guy of Galley said it to us that you leave for Enies Lobby! Franky-Aniki is taken along over there by the government, one wants to continue them But one cannot pass Aqua Laguna all alone! It is World Government in question One of fout of which it is! One wants to bring back Aniki! We are ready to risk our lives for the good of Aniki! Please! Lend to us your force Straw hat! Pity it is somebody of important for us! You joke I hope! Must I point out to you what you did to us?! I include/understand There is shame, but it nevertheless is asked to you! One wants to save Aniki! Go up. In speed! Straw hat But finally, Luffy! That goes, they are cool AFFLICTED!! You will be revaudra that! You dispatch. But one will not travel by this train! One will join you by taking the sea with our King bulldozers! One will have just to attach them to the back of the train! King Bull? Well, one counts on you! Go, with immediately! It left! Brilliant! One will be able to help Aniki! Quickly! Will that go? Well, one will go there! Now, dear pirates Take care not to fall from the train! We leave Water Seven, in direction of Enies Lobby, on board Umi Ressha Rocket Man! Yosh! It is a Departure! It left! Everyone is brought back!