One Piece Treasure Present! The first keyword is this! The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! Franky and Robin were taken to the Judiciary Tower. I couldn't feel better! Good job on surviving that incident eight years ago, Cutty Flam. You can't achieve your goals without any sacrifice. We are working the best we can to attain peace for all humanity! This is pissing me off! Tom-san threw his life away just to protect those plans! Just because idiots like you exist! Yoi! At the same time, Luffy on Enies Lobby's Main Island was facing ten thousand soldiers. Chief Spandam, I request an answer! Give us your orders! Straw Hat Luffy won't stop! On the other side, Zoro and the others who came in the Rocketman who were at the entrance were waiting and preparing to break in. This is bad! We're really gonna crash! What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? Dodge it, Kokoro-san! No need to worry. There is a way. They passed over the Main Gate and headed directly towards the Main Island Gate. Wh-What are those two!? Big Bazooka unit, advance! If I don't hurry, Robin will Should I give it a go? Give it up! Straw Hat! Fire!! Did we get him? He fell in the waterfall! Oi, look! He's still clinging onto the cliff! Straw Hat! If you give up obediently, we may consider pulling you up As if I would! What a stubborn one, just plummet into the waterfall! Take this! Oi, everyone! Let go! Oi, he went over there! He's here, here! Lucky! It's the Straw Hat! I ended up in such a crazy place. Maa, I'll just have to take care of them all at once. I guess I just have to aim for that great looking building. Yosh! He went there! Follow him! It's heavy The ones on the bottom, try climbing on the middle ones Be careful There Don't swing! It's not me, the wind did 'fiuu' and Can the wind do such a thing!? Catch Up with Luffy! The Straw Hat Pirates' All-Out War O-Oi! I know that swordsman! He's the Straw Hat's underling, the Pirate Hunter Zoro! You're an underling, they say. Then aren't you lower than that? Pirate A. Then B. Bastard! When I get a bounty, yours will be insignifiant compared to mine! Then C. Listen to what people say! Oi. Stop this, you two Sogeking, aren't you joining them? This is part of my strategy too, Chopper-kun. Ehh? So that's why They have nakama in the train! We've been found out! There should still be some inside! Blow them up before they come out! Oi, wait! Nami-san is still inside! Fire! That guy I'll him three times over! Hold on, Pirate A. What? They're surely not dead. It's because you don't know these kind of things that you're Pirate A. You marimo! Oh, that surpris- Are you alright, Sogeking? I'm alright, Chopper-kun. Cease fire! What's wrong? Look at this! Oi! Stop this, I'm just an old woman! We're just a kid and a small animal! We're fragile! Being threatened by the Straw Hats, we were forced to pilot the train! Pilot the train! How could they have taken a drunk hostage!? That was close We were about to kill the hostages! Plus, those cowardly pirates took an old woman, a kid, and a small animal as hostages What? It looks like some smoke is forming a cloud. With cold balls and heat balls. The moisture in the atmosphere condenses into clouds. ♥ Nami-swan! You were able to escape! ♥ Oi The cloud is becoming bigger and bigger! Baa-chan, baa-chan. The cloud is becoming big. That cloud is a bit dangerous Chimney, Gonbe, come here. As expected from the Perfect Clima Tact. The cloud's length and speed is completely different from before! I'll test it out! The power of electricity! What is she planning to do, that neechan? It may be better to run away! It's coming! Baa-chan, baa-chan. This is great thunder, right? She's something, that neechan. Baa-chan, will we be alright just with this umbrella? Trust baa-chan. We'll be okay if we stay here. It's way too powerful! I'll die! Waah! Sogeking! Nami, why did you hit Sogeking!? It's okay. I just felt like doing it. It's not my fault! There's obviously something wrong with the way you used it! Furthermore, Usopp-kun says he doesn't remember making it to be used that way! But even so What power! It defeated most of them. Damn you, Nami! What did you do that for!? Apologize, Sogeking! You apologize! Are you stupid!? ♥ Nami-san! It reminded me of the shock I felt when I first met you! ♥ What's wrong with that crew? I thought that neechan was just there to support them, but it turns out that she's one of their main fighters! Seems like it's over. Pirate neechan, awesome, awesome! Looks like baasan and the others are alright too! That's because I've lived for so long! By the way, where's that idiot who went in first? I don't know This island is far from being small. We'll have to search. What? He's definitely there! And now Should we follow after him? Those damn pirates are causing such a mess here! Unforgivable! He jumped on the top of the tree! Those bastards There's no end to this. I can't go on any further. Oi, this way! They're running in the opposite direction? Send some of our men to the Main Island's Front Gate! Pirates breached the gate and started invading! We must stop them! They've arrived! That's great! Now we should have a lot of fun! Yosh! Too bad! You missed! He's over there! Fire! If I'm right, it was around there! To let you go first is a bad idea! Why's that!? It's alright, we just have to go straight! Geez, that idiot just rushed in there alone without thinking of the consequences. Maa, we're quite the idiots too, since we decided to follow that moron. Anyway, because of Luffy, the Marines seem to have dispersed. For now, we just have to head directly to the Courthouse! Ah, this won't do! My illness is returning! If you want to die you can stay here! I'm cured! I prefer that! What's wrong? We have clients. Given the duty of protecting the Front Gate, we're the Houbantai. Nobody can break through this line! Give up, you villains! This time it's dog policemen? Don't think it's just us, pirates! We're completly surrounded. If you look around, there are way too many enemies! Saa, it's time to pay your debts, pirates. What about it? Talking so eminently Guys, atta-! Grab it! You could let us have some fun Idiot! Don't forget your main reason for coming here! This isn't the place for you to fight! It's true, that against such numbers we'd be there until the sun sets. Aren't they full of energy? Don't die! Charge in! Soldiers, get away! They're Kingbulls from Water 7! Be careful when dealing with them! Shit! Eat this! We're charging at you once again! Houbantai, reform the line! We won't let you! Our dogs' legs won't lose to those fish! It's bad! They're catching up! No way! Can't we go any faster? Oi, cook niichan. There are too many! What's wrong? I leave the bridle to you. You guys are If you meet with those guys, give them this message. You're fired. Absolutely. Jump on it! We won't let you! We'll leave this to you, Galley-La! We're gonna skewer you! The Houbantai were beaten! Eh! Those fools let their guard down! No ordinary human can keep up with our movements! Go! Before they can even notice! Impale them! They were beaten again! Wh-What are those guys? They are so strong! We'll take care of this place. Take this! Your temperament hasn't changed since that time, Cutty Flam. If only I had known earlier that you were still alive and holding the blueprints I wouldn't have had to search and suffer. In your case, to control you with your past sins would have been extremly easy. Right!? On the other hand Your brother Iceberg was a lot of trouble. As Tom's apprentice, he united the shipbuilding yards of Water 7 into just one, and then put them into one major company. He took the initiative to ally with the World Government he was supposed to hate. Before too long, his company became a well established provider for the World Government. He became president of the Galley-La shipbuilding company, and then the mayor of the water capital, Water 7. He became an indispensable person for the Government, that nobody would doubt. This meant we couldn't do anything against him. Bastard! Aren't you providing the World Government with ships!? Don't joke with me! I will absolutely not forgive you! That's why he made a deal with the Government. That guy was  an intelligent man. However, the wind started blowing my way! It was when I was about to shake off my numbness and reinforce my plans that I received great news from Admiral Ao Kiji! Saying that the infamous Nico Robin was boarding a pirate ship and heading for Water 7. To calm myself a bit, I took a cup of coffee. Including the permission to use the Buster Call, I added all the information to my plan. Even if there were some changes in my scenario Look! The triggers of the ancient weapons' revival are both here at this moment! Do you understand? The whole world's winds are blowing in my direction at this moment! If I so wished, the ability to rule any powerful country I want is now in my own control! Why did Ao Kiji give you the power of the Buster Call? Don't you dare question me! You insolent bitch! If it wasn't for me, the value of your existence would be nothing! You should be thanking me! As you hold the dirty blood of the land of evil, Ohara! Nico Robin. If it wasn't for me, the value of your existence would be nothing. You should be thanking me. As you hold the dirty blood of the land of evil, Ohara. Nico Robin. Robin was Betrayed! The Expectations of the World Government!" Alright, listen well. From now on, you'll suffer so much pain that you'll tell yourself countless times that you'd prefer death. You better get ready. I'll hurt you so much. I'll use you, and then I'll cast you out at sea! Your existence is sinful to that extent! Ah, speaking of which. We just got some news. I received a report saying that the idiot who invaded this place because he wanted to get you back so bad is here Impossible It's no big deal! They should all have been captured by now. Straw Hat Luffy and his crew. What stubborn people they are They are like garbage in front of the ten thousand Marines of Enies Lobby. Anyway, I was just about to send a ship to the prisons. That's perfect for a souvenir. I plan on sending them to Impel Down, as well as Cutty Flam. Wait! Isn't that different to our arrangement!? The condition in order for me to collaborate with you was to let them get away safely! What are you standing up so vehemently for? Lucci! Tell her the exact conditions we gave. That the six Straw Hats excluding Nico Robin, would be able to set out of Water 7 safely. Yeah That's how it is. There's no error in that, right? Didn't they set off from Water 7 safely, and then come here? What did you say? Don't tell me you're going to break our arrangement over such a technicality!? This is desperately dirty. They don't even have a fragment of humanity! Ah? What did you say? Shut up, you trash! We don't even have the obligation to keep our promises with criminals like you! Take this, take this, bastard! You too! Don't become so cocky! To deceive pirates and capture them is naturally what the Marines do! Coward To think you'd still be talking so impudently Rest assured that I'll choose an ideal death, for a woman who lived by betraying others until now. All of you should get along well and then die. In front of the great justice, resistance is futile. Pursue him! Don't let them escape! There's only one enemy, encircle him! Stop! Don't get in my way! You bastards! Commander, he's scary! Don't falter, fools! Go! Commander! Over there It looks like a dead-end. Don't be taken away yet ROBIN!! Alright, guards. Lead those two by their chains and take them away. Make sure that Nico Robin's sea stone ward doesn't loosen. Cutty Flam goes to Impel Down. Nico Robin goes to the Marine Headquarters. As soon as the departure preparations are done take them through the Gate of Justice. Yes. Understood. And I have something to tell you. Cutty Flam is extremly vio- Did the Straw Hat appear? Help me, oi, Kalifa! That's sexual harassment. We've just gotten a report about this, chapapa. The Chief got so distracted by the news that it was embarrassing. But at that time, the report stated that only five people were down. The receiver is off the hook. Don't give us any trouble! Start walking! The CP9 can now return to their private rooms. The credit we'll receive for this case will surely be enormous. How about it? We could raise our glasses for our accomplishments on the ship. I'm not in the mood for a toast. Since we have no interest in social status nor political influence Our justice is to assassinate for the World Government. As long as the government recognizes you as the CP9's commandant, and until we complete this mission completely We don't have any obligation to approve your ideas. That's a fair argument Then what are you guys searching for? Blood. But you see By being here, we get the legitimate rights to kill. It gives me the chills This is truly the government's only assassin group. My subordinates are such promising guys As long as they're here, I don't feel like I could lose to anyone! Oi, what's happening over there? Something is coming! Yosh! Sodom, Gomorrah! Continue rushing forward! Shit! So it's them! They're the pirates who broke through the Main Island's Gate! Fire! Shoot them down! If you want your lives, open the way! Try to get into formation again! Pirate scum shouldn't get so cocky! Get ready, pirate! Go to hell! He's our captain, his will is strong! Get us to Luffy on the Main Island, Kingbull! There are still so many. There's no end, damn it! I'm cornered! He's going to your side! It's the Straw Hat! Capture him! Don't let him go any further! I've gotta search for Robin quickly! But I can hardly move forward like this! Catch him in a pincer attack! He entered a side street. Pursue him! Damn, he escaped to the roofs! Wait! They're persistent! There's no end to this. Don't let him get away! Just give up! Yosh. I'll go there in one shot. You won't get away! Stop him! See ya! Shit! Damn pirate Don't let the pirates proceed any further! Stop them! Kill all of them! Fire! Bring those Marines down! You bastards! I understand! And then, just when they were about to die in the stomach of a gigantic Sea King, the two brothers, Sodom and Gomorrha, were rescued by the Franky Family and told this: "We're full now, so we won't eat you!" From that time on, they swore loyalty to their savior Franky! No, that's not it It's just a story about them being in the stomach of a Sea King the Franky Family just happened to be eating. Probably. Mah, it's okay Could you look in front of you? That's dangerous. "I will follow Franky-aniki for the rest of my life!", he says. He must be quite happy that you can understand what he says. "By the way, the masked guy who was with you didn't come aboard, is that okay?", he says. Sogeking is nowhere to be seen! Why, why!? That guy Did he fall off? No! Now that you mention it, he's not been here from the start! Don't tell me he ran away You jerk! Don't stand in our way forever! Stop this and let us pass! If you want to pass, do it after beating me! Move from there! It won't happen so easily! Shit! Do something about those three! You You are strong when you fight, right? Can you win against them? I can win! When hesitating, anybody can get weak! From the moment they know it's okay to save her, their strength won't know any limit! I'm gonna kick their asses! And I have a technique I want to try! If it's him, he'll surely Kill that rope bastard! It won't go your way! We're done for! This is a dead-end. Just give up. M-Major! It's terrible! What's wrong!? Straw Hat Luffy We've lost sight of Straw Hat Luffy! How could something so impossible happen!? How many Marines do you think there are here!? But He's not anywhere! Could it be Maybe he's already inside the Courthouse? No! We didn't even let a bug pass! Search for him! We absolutely must track down the Straw Hat! So this is the last building Yosh. But there isn't even a bridge It's a bit far, but I can try flying there. What? Ah! You're the cow who was with the pigeon guy! It seems there are some mistakes between the information and the actual situation. Hey! How did you do that just now? Awesome! Is there a trick? I thought the information about the damage report being just five was wrong Ehh! Surprised me! Since the beggining of the World Government, this is the first time this has happened. To have a man sneak up to the entrance of the Government. Move from there, cow. Until when do you plan on fighting? Until I die. I am a rubber man! Gomu Gomu fruit user, Monkey D. Luffy. First of all, let's get a look at what we are expecting to see, the many talented techniques Luffy uses by stretching himself! Luffy-san! Straw Hat! Exchange! And Yosh! Oh, this is bad! I'm leaking water! That brat Is he serious? I shouldn't drink so much water He got tremendrous power because of the Devil Fruit's ability. But how did Luffy get that power? Stuffing it down, Luffy? That's right! What are you eating!? Was it that box!? Did you eat what was inside that box!? Throw up! Throw it up immediately! Everything you ate! What are you doing, Shanks? What was that? Just now What you just ate was the Gomu Gomu fruit! The Gomu Gomu fruit is also called a Devil Fruit! After eating it, you'll become a rubber man! And you'll have a body that can't swim for the rest of your life! Help me! Shanks! Get lost. Oi, don't cry. You're a man, right? But, Shanks Your arm! It's a cheap price to pay. It's only an arm. I'm glad you're safe. You're going, right? Yeah. We docked here for a long time, but it's time to say farewell. You'll miss us, right? Yes, I guess I'll miss you. But I won't ask you to take me with you anymore. I decided to become one by myself. A pirate. I wouldn't have taken you with me anyway! As if someone like you could become a pirate! I will! Someday I'll gather nakama that won't lose to this crew, I'll find the best treasure in the world! And I'll become it! The Pirate King! Oh. So, you're going to surpass us. Then I'll leave this hat in your care. It's my important hat. Take good care of it. Someday You must return it to me. After becoming a great pirate. It's a promise, Luffy. Before long, Luffy grew up and set out to the sea with the straw hat of the promise. And then, those he met during his journey were Zoro, Nami, Usopp, and Sanji. Leave the covering to me! For Luffy, they are as important as his hat, they are his trustworthy nakama. That's right. We have to talk about that. Would you make a contract with me? A contract? Stop fighting! Anyway, they were his trustworthy nakama! The initial bounty will be of $30,000,000, which may prove to be a world record. But I don't think it is too high. It's better to take care of such evil quickly before they expand further. Absolutely. Wanted dead or alive $30,000,000!? $30,000,000 it says! Look at this! The back of my head is known all across the world! Luffy got a bounty soon after becoming a pirate. Luffy aims for the one true treasure, One Piece, with Wealth, Fame and Power. And he breaks into the great sea's Grand Line with his nakama. This isn't the time to be taking it so easy in East Blue. Look at that light! Is it the lighthouse of an island? This is the guiding light. Grand Line's entrance is waiting past this light. Grand Line is just past there What do we do? But is it really safe in the middle of such a storm? Alright! But before setting our ship in the greatest sea, how about we have a launching ceremony? Oi! Yeah! That's good! Let's do it! I'm going there to find All Blue. To become the Pirate King! To become the greatest swordman! To draw a map of the world. I I am It's to become a brave warrior of the sea! Let's go! To the Grand Line! Get out of my way. What do you think invading the World Government mea- MOVE! Next time, One Piece: Give Robin Back! Luffy vs Blueno! I'm gonna be the Pirate King! Here's the way to get your present! Write the four letters that appeared in the show, your address, your full name, your age, your opinion of the show and you may win a lot of prizes! This is the last keyword!