Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! A long time ago, I decided I would never build a ship again. But before long, to catch up to a man I admired, and to reach my own goal, I drew up the blueprints for a ship My dream is to use that treasure wood and just one last time Make a ship, able to sail any sea. I'm going to make a Dream Ship. I already have the wood, and the blueprints. With this I can make it. So, when it's done. Would you all sail in the ship I created?! What?! Dammit! WAKE UP! Luffy! Its hurts! It hurts! Hurts? What are you saying? That was a punch. For it to hurt a rubber man- There's no defense against a fist of love. I heard you've been acting pretty recklessly Luffy. G- G- G- Grandpa?! A Marine Vice-Admiral is?! The Ultimate Lineage? Luffy's Father Revealed! Now Luffy, Don't you think you owe me an apology? Marine Headquarter Vice-Admiral Monkey D. Garp "Garp The Fist" Vice-Admiral Garp has a grandson? It's the first I've heard of it Garp? Garp isn't that the name of that marine hero!? Luffy, is your grandpa really? He is, don't try to fight him. I was almost killed by grandpa tons of times in the past. Hey now, don't start speaking ill of me. When I tossed you into that bottomless ravine, And left you alone in the jungle at night, And tied you to balloons and sent you flying into the sky, All of it was to make you into a strong man! I think I've just seen part of what gave Luffy his endless will to live In the end I left you with a close friend to continue your training with Ace. And while you were out of my sight this has happened I did all that to forge you into a strong marine!!! I always told you that I wanted to be a pirate didn't I!? You were corrupted by that "Red-Hair"! I- I owe my life to Shanks! Don't insult him! Do you mean to tell your own Grandpa what to do?! I'm sorry! Emergency! Luffy was caught by the marines! This is bad, if we try to fight they'll jump right on top of us! ASLEEP?! No, what do we do now? I've never been in a situation like this! Oh no, I fell asleep Wake up Luffy! Is that how you act towards someone scolding you?! First of all, where do you get off speaking like that to your grandpa?! Oh whatever, just do what you want Seriously?! Luffy's Grandpa was a Marine from Headquarters?! This is getting crazy. I-i-it huuuuurts Do you even know what level of Pirate that "Red-Hair" you keep going on about is!? Shanks? And the guys? Are Shanks and everybody doing alright? Where are they!? Whether they're fine or not With as many pirates out there now as there are stars, Like Whitebeard, he is one of the four great pirates! Those who rule over the latter half of the Grand Line as if they were emperors. We call them the Yonkou! Yonkou: Four Kings In order to reign in these four men, the Marine Headquarters and the Shichibukai were assembled. These three great powers form a delicate balance that keeps peace around the world from crumbling. I don't really get it, but if he's fine then okay. Man, this brings back memories I'll let you take care of this hat. It's my favorite hat. Take good care of it. One day, you'll certainly come to return it. Become a great pirate. It's a promise, right Luffy? What is his connection with Red-Hair? Luffy said that he asked him to take care of that straw hat for him. I didn't know he was such an amazing person. It's over here, Zoro-san! Damn, the marines are already here! Please go on ahead. We're really We're really sorry we tried to mug you! Don't worry about it. Thanks for showing me the way. Later. Oh? What is it? It's the bounty head, The Pirate Hunter Zoro. Oh? Luffy's nakama right? He seems to be pretty tough. Heh, you two, try and stop him! Yessir! Kukuri knives huh? You're using something pretty unusual. Oh, Zoro wait! There's no reason to fi- What the! Why you! Soru That technique Sergeant Major! Sergeant! Really, you're no match at all. You're as strong as I thought. Just what I'd expect. I've lost. Luffy-san, Zoro-san. It's been a while. Do you know who I am? Who? It's me, Coby! Don't you remember? Coby? Could even someone like me join the marines? Marines? That's right! It's my dream to capture bad people! It's been my dream ever since I was little! But, Luffy and I are friends so if we're on different sides then Yeah, even if we're separated though, we'll still be friends. Thank you very much! I'll never forget this debt! We'll meet again, Coby! Bye-bye Onii-san! All hands, salute! Later! Coby?! Coby is my friend but but the Coby I know was a lot smaller. That Coby. That same cry-baby good-for-nothing Coby. Are you serious?! That Coby why is he on the Grand Line? I'm still not used to being a commissioned officer but, When I heard the two of you were nearby, I couldn't resist coming to see you. It's because of you two that we've become who we are! Marine Headquarters Sergeant Major Coby Marine Headquarter Sergeant Helmeppo Well, I'll give you that much. A lot has happened right now we're being trained by Vice-Admiral Garp at headquarters. So that's what happened? But man, there's a limit to how fast you should grow up, you surprised me. You were a bit rounder then too. You must have been pretty tired after the incident, sorry to disturb you. It's fine. It's been a while, so let's make it a party! Wait a second! You! You didn't recognize me at all did you?! Who're you? It's me! M-E! I don't know, who are you? The answer is Helmeppo. Captain Morgan's son, Helmeppo. I'm the man who almost drove you to the death penalty, Roronoa Zoro! How's that? You remember me now right? Really now, stop joking around. We can't have you bullying people now. You seem cheerful for a corpse, Roronoa Zoro. Stop! I'm that idiot who rode on his father's fame! Oh? Was that you? Hey! Oh yeah, there was a guy like that that was you? I knew it I still can't forgive these guys, Coby! It can't be avoided Helmeppo-san, you can't dodge your past. That was it? That was it. Luffy-san, we're enemies but Are we still Yeah, friends. Now then, you guys. Sir! Fix this wall. But you did that yourself If you want us to fix it, then why did you even break it? Entering that way is cooler. Please don't break things for a reason like that! Fine, if you want us to fix it, then you need to help too. Alright. Your grandpa is pretty famous isn't he? Yea, I don't know much about what he does though. By the way Luffy, I heard you met your old man. Huh? Dad? What do you mean by dad? I have a dad? What's that? He didn't introduce himself to you then? I heard he saw you off at Loguetown! Loguetown So that's Loguetown's island huh? That's the island where Gold Roger was born and executed. What's that? You do remember. The town where the Pirate King died. The town of the beginning and the end. W-what's this? Look here, you people gathered from across the world! It's time to begin this flashy execution! Monkey D. Luffy, you won't be able to squirm your way out of this. How's it Strawhat? Getting to die at the same place as the Pirate King? Do you have anything you'd like to say before you go? After all you have these sightseers from around the world here. Well whatever, whether you have something to say or not, Either way you're still gonna die. I am the man who will be Pirate King! You're in the way! No matter how much you try, you won't make it! This is the end of your captain! Like we'd let If I could cut down the platform.. Zoro! Sanji! Usopp! Nami! Sorry. I'm dead. What do you know? I lived! I'm ok. The Strawhat Pirates are getting away! Capture them! Luffy's father was in that town? What is my dad like? I wonder what Luffy's father is like The name of your father is Monkey D. Dragon. He's a revolutionary. You don't live up to your reputation. Really, is that so? You are? Dragon? The revolutionary Dragon had a son!? Luffy-san is that Dragon's kid Then, that Dragon is Vice-Admiral Garp's kid What the hell is up with this family? This is the first time I've heard Dragon's full name! Hey guys, why is everyone so Idiot! You don't know Dragon's name!? Your father is a completely outrageous man! Hey, Robin How should I explain this Pirates wouldn't usually try by themselves to disrupt the government or marines But there is currently a power that is trying to directly oppose the World Government. That would be the Revolutionary Army. And the man at it's center would be Dragon. Right now throughout the world this kind of thought is being spread. Encouraging countries to overthrow their monarchies. Countless countries have already fallen. As expected, the World Government was upset, And has labeled the puppet master Dragon the most dangerous criminal in the world, They have been constantly pursuing him but They couldn't find even a trace of where he had come from. He was a mysterious man And yet And yet? I probably shouldn't have said all that. Forget all that! Are you really going back already Coby? Have some food at least. We're enemies, we can't socialize together. I'm really glad I met you both today! We'll definitely meet again in the New World! Next Time on One Piece: It's Name Is The New World! Further on in The Grand Line. I'm gonna be the Pirate King!