Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! I'm not taking my eyes off you. No matter what's happening right now, they'll survive. But if I run from you now, you'll go and kill my nakama! So I'm not taking my eyes off you. Can you defeat me? If I don't win I can't protect anyone! Gomu Gomu no Rifle! Tekkai "Utsugi"! Utsugi: Deutzia (a type of shrub) If I had been expecting a spirited man, I would be disappointed. Did you lose all your power after that attack? If you want a spirited battle, I'll show you Another strategy. Gear Third. Hone Fuusen! Hone Fuusen: Bone Balloon The power moves from one bone to another Watch! My left hand Is the hand of a giant! If you're trying to intimidate me, stop. Gomu Gomu no Tekkai. Gigant Pistol! The Horrible Past! Dark Justice and Rob Lucci I'm losing consciousness If I were to fall into the ocean like this! What just happened? Hurry and report it! What is it? A monster? No, a devil fruit user! The deck of a battleship? Good He came from the direction of the bridge. A pirate? I saw a really huge hand, too! Stop, stop, stop! It's dangerous up ahead! The water's gonna get us! Can't you guys hear the water?! You know, even if this tunnel did get flooded with water, wouldn't we all just drown? Zoro-kun, don't you hear the water? Yeah Seems kinda weird. Stop already! There's no other way! We just have to keep going! The old lady and Nami are being chased by the water! The pirates! You guys, do something about the water! What are we supposed to do about it? See, the tunnel's gonna be completely buried under water! Nami-san is coming to be with me! Damn We're gonna be stuck here. I can't cut it? Isn't it just stone or steel? We're in an underwater tunnel. It's probably made of something really strong to stand up to the water pressure. So there's nowhere to run?! We're gonna die! Hurry! It's no good, the Sea Train won't go! Isn't there an engineer? They're already this far, hurry! Vice Admiral. What is the status of Nico Robin's capture on the Bridge of Hesitation? Just leave it. But That man is on this island, and has been assigned to escort Nico Robin. There's no reason for us to interfere. We'll simply destroy everything except for the Bridge of Hesitation. Yessir. Vice Admiral, when you say "that man" Are you speaking of Rob Lucci of CP9? He really is a devil fruit user! Who the hell are you? We asked you who you are! Answer us! Stop it, idiots! Captain? Lower your weapons, now. Do you know who that man is?! He's Rob Lucci of CP9! Rob Lucci-san I'm sorry, please spare me! Keep your mouths shut. You're annoying me. I've heard rumors of Rob Lucci, but Does he truly have that much power? It was 15 years ago. In a certain kingdom, 500 soldiers were captured by pirates. Men, don't hold back! Kill 'em all! Don't hold back, just kill everyone! Don't leave survivors! Don't falter! Protect the city from the pirates! The soldiers fought the pirates, and the two sides were evenly matched. However Damn pirates! Mortars?! That's enough! If you want to live, surrender now! We'll blow up anyone who opposes us! Capture all of them! Then throw 'em all into the prison! The captain of the pirates demanded the throne in exchange for the lives of the hostages. Your majesty, for the sake of the people, you must decide what to do about the pirates. That is correct. If we were to use the remaining soldiers, We may be able to do something about the pirates. Your majesty! But if we fight we risk lives, Both of the hostages and of my people. I will not allow anyone to die! But If they take the throne, there may be a way to reclaim it. But I won't allow people's lives to be used for that! Your majesty But even if we meet the pirates' demands, We don't know whether they will truly follow through with their promise! Your majesty! Your majesty, an emissary from the World Government have just arrived! Really? From the World Government? Send them in immediately! Yessir! The kingdom, caring about the lives of the hostages, was on the verge of surrender. So the World Government sent in a single boy. Damn the government How dare they do this! Where are the targets? The targets? Do you mean the pirates? They have a base near the northern port. Then I would like you to leave the rest to me. Please, do whatever you can to save the hostages lives. Yes. Do you plan on going against the World Government? Why is this boy acting this way? World Government You guys did well! Have as much drink as you like, we're celebrating! Taking over a kingdom's a pretty big accomplishment, right? We have our own kingdom! We won! That was a pretty smart plan! Really? I don't think we have enough drink for this celebration! Yeah, someone go get more! Tonight's drink is even better than normal! You. Who's the captain of this crew? Who're you? In the name of the World Government, I will stop you. You'll stop me? A brat like you? Looks like the government underestimates us. Really Don't make me laugh! What can a single kid do? If you wanna pretend to be an official, do it somewhere else! Get outta here. We don't have time to play games with some kid. Hurry and go! Before we kill you! You're in the way. Then take this! Tekkai. What is he? He used some weird move! Of course. You've done pretty well. Seems the World Government isn't as pathetic as I thought. But if you do anything else, The hostages will die! If you behave yourself, we'll let you go back. As a hostage to control the World Government! Now we won't have any opposition! Throw him in with the others! Keep moving. You stay here with them. W-who is that boy? He's a little emissary from the World Government. He came here to save you. Now the government will do what we say, We won't have anybody else against us! You guys better all get along! I'd like to know one thing. What? Is this all of the hostages? Yeah. Alright. Soru! Rankyaku! The boy infiltrated the pirates' base, And killed all 500 of the soldiers being held hostage. A-all of them? That's insane Was he allowed to do that? Even if he was with the World Government Even if it was for justice I-I'm sorry! Do you understand? Justice isn't just child's play! You remember that as well! Yessir! Of course, the pirates were angry, And they launched a barrage of attacks on the boy standing atop the mountain of corpses. But the boy emerged from the explosions, Took the captain's head, And put an end to the crisis alone. Boss! Boss boss boss boss boss! Shut up! Boss That kid He's on a rampage! W-what is this? Bastard How dare you do that to our precious hostages! They were criminals. So I killed them in the name of justice. Criminals? As soldiers of the kingdom, being weak is a crime. They surrendered to evil, And caused a crisis in their kingdom. That type of soldier doesn't deserve to live. So they're dead. Bastard Is that how a government agent acts?! Justice will never surrender to evil. Men, take him out! Stupid brat deserved that. Putting us down Damn, now our perfect plan's been ruined. H-how did he survive that? Shigan. Boss H-he's a monster. The boy, whose back was covered in scars from the cannon fire, Was only 13 years old, and was one of CP9's agents. Living for dark justice, he's the strongest in the history of CP9. He is known as a cruel weapon of death. For a 13 year old to have that much power He is why we simply have to follow our own orders. Gomu Gomu no Rocket! What is it this time? Something else is coming this way! That's the man with a 100 million bounty, Strawhat Luffy! He's just really fat! There you are, pigeon-guy! Shoot him down! You think that'll work? I'm too strong for that! Gomu Gomu no Gigant Axe! What? A giant? Gomu Gomu no Gigant Whip! Get outta the way! The mast got cut! It's falling! Their battle's really dangerous! Shigan "Bachi"! Your power increases, but it seems that your speed decreases. Rankyaku "Gaichou"! Gaichou: Victorious bird It sliced the steel plating? This ship's in danger! That was close, he almost sliced me in two. Did you see that, Cutty Flam? You guys are done for! No, you've been done for since the beginning! Just shut up! You still don't get it?! The one fighting with Strawhat is Lucci! The strongest in the history of CP9! I don't know what happened to all the others, But he's really special! After he takes out Strawhat it'll be your turn, Cutty Flam! I'm counting on you, Strawhat. What's happening? Tell me. Yes, Vice Admiral! It seems that Strawhat Luffy and Rob Lucci of CP9 are currently fighting! Ship Four has been heavily damaged! Rob Lucci won't die. All ships. Prepare to fire at ship four. Simultaneous fire in five seconds! Vice Admiral, please stop this! One thousand of our own men are on board! Even wavering for a second can have horrible consequences. Do you think at all of the future? Fire! We finally managed to save Robin-chan And now It hurts I can't breathe Am I dreaming? So beautiful So amazing Next time on One Piece: A Mysterious Mermaid Appears? In the Midst of Losing Consciousness I'm gonna be the pirate king!