Don't Stop! Raise the Signal Fire of a Counterattack! One Piece Treasure Present! The first keyword is this! The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! Sogeking who was left behind alone at the Main Island Front Gate was told the shocking truth by the giant gatekeeper. Someday, on a certain island, our two bosses started fighting. That they've been imprisoned for fifty years is a big lie! On the other side, the Straw Hat crew were riding on the back of the Kingbulls, pursuing Luffy. Just as they finally began to see the Courthouse Damn, Kingbull! Sodom! Sodom, hang on! Don't fall yet! Guys, hurry over to this side! Don't just stand there! He's collapsing! Facing each other on the roof of the Courthouse, stood Luffy and Blueno. Robin is in that building behind you, right? Move out of the way, cow! It seems like you and the others still haven't noticed it, that what you're doing is a great offense against the whole world. We'll make all of you criminals wanted throughout the world before making you suffer cruel deaths. What? When I fought this man in the mansion, I'm sure he didn't have such power! We only came here to take Robin back! After a long wait, the expected battle with the CP9 has finally started! This is Those guys are really overdoing it. Baa-chan! Baa-chan! What is it, Chimney? You know, you know! They're here! Aim well! We have to slow them down! It's a mortar! Dodge it, Gomorrah! This central road was a bad idea! They had organized to ambush us! We're changing direction! We won't let you go! Sodom. Wait! Chopper Ah? The baby Den-Den Mushi? Yes, who is it? It's us. It's Kokoro baa-san! What do you want? Looks like you're still alive. Where are you now? We're approaching the Courthouse. Why do you ask? That's just perfect. There's something I forgot to tell you. Something you forgot to tell us? You must be busy now, so I'll tell you already. Listen well. On Paulie's map, there wasn't any road from the Courthouse to the Judiciary Tower, right? That's right, it's been bothering me. Look at the Courthouse, there is a tower on either side. Yeah, there is. In both the left and right tower, at the top floor of each one of them, you should find a lever. If you pull those, a drawbridge should lower between the Courthouse and the Judiciary Tower. Baa-san! Why do you know about this? A long time ago, I was here with Tom-san repairing the bridge. That stupid ungrateful government! Don't pass your anger onto me. And Chimney wants to talk too. Hello! Pirate neechan, can you hear me? Wah! What is it, Chimney? You know, I saw the rubber pirate niichan on the Courthouse's roof. For real? Luffy is there? And then, I also saw rocks crumbling on the roof, so it seems like they're getting kinda wild! On the roof. Understood, thanks! Pirate girl, don't hang up the Den-Den Mushi yet. We'll be able to know the situation from where we are. Roger! That's it. With this, our goal is decided! Alright, you guys head directly towards the Courthouse and unite with Straw Hat-san! Understood. We'll split into two groups and lower that drawbridge! We'll leave this to you Gomorrah! Get us to the Courthouse! Gomorrah! Shit! Who the hell is he? It won't go that well. Pieces of trash. We did it! We beat the second one! Those pirates have lost their legs now! Surround them and stop them! To all of Enies Lobby's military personnel! At the center of the southeast block, D block, we have stopped the pirate's Kingbulls! All hands converge towards that place, and completely encircle the D Block! I repeat! All military personnel, completely encircle the D Block! Seems like the Jurymen have finally started moving. There's no one who can oppose them! Say something! We absolutely will capture them! The soldiers we passed by are catching up. This is bad. There are a lot coming from the front and from the sides! They're aiming mortar cannons at us too! This is terrible! There are thousands of them! If we get surrounded in a place like this, we'll be done for! What? Is this an earthquake? Oh, they are Awesome! Oh, look there! Yatta! Oimo and Kaashii are back on their feet! How can this be? I don't have enough stamina left to fight those guys So is this the end!? Hurry and crush them! Do something about those three, giants! Go, Kaashii! Beat them down, Oimo! Now! Trample these three! Giants! How could you Dare to CHEAT US!? What!? Have those two turned against us!? Before we celebrate the safety of our bosses! Before we mourn the wasted time! Until we're satisfied, we will rampage everything as our anger instructs us to! Let's go together, King of the Snipers! There's nothing to fear. This time, we'll raise the signal of a counterattack! Let's hurry to our comrades! You're one hell of a lucky woman. They don't come to save you normally. Shut your mouth! Understood!! No! I'm not particularly sulking because my men aren't coming at all! Ah, wait guys. I forgot, take these with you. Wait! Isn't that a Devil Fruit!? Yoyoi! Is this the real thing? Chapapa This is the first time I've seen one! Me too! This is bad! Don't come any closer to me with that! What are you making such a fuss about, Jyabura? Idiot! Don't you know? The fruits users have a demon dwelling within their bodies! For example If I approach a fruit, the demon inside the fruit will fly out! It will then start fighting with the demon inside my body! And my body will explode! Is that true? Such foolish words We can't have one of our members fall for such a common rumor. The conditions for the transfer of abilities, have already been uncovered by Grand Line scientists. What you're talking about would only happen in the case that one tastes a Devil Fruit twice. His body would scatter around, leaving no trace, and he'd die. A greedy fool would destroy himself. If you think about the risk you take with just one fruit, you can predict what kind of curse a second one would bring upon yourself. Eh? So that's how it is? But, Chief, you've done well on obtaining two Devil Fruits. Where did you get them? I've got a lot of connections. Eat them for next time. Become even stronger, CP9! But I'll have to warn you on something. I don't know what kind of demons are dwelling in these. These don't look like fruits from this world. I feel an eerie force, like a gravitational field, coming from it. It wasn't in my picture book either. That's normal. We can figure out the name of the fruit from the abilities we gain. But what kind of skills we'll get is a gamble. If we get weird abilities from that gamble, it could lead to the worst life possible. Furthermore, we'll become hammers in water. Whatever abilities you get, it's up to you how you use them. You shouldn't get any weaker from eating it. Becoming a hammer isn't that bad either. There are tens of thousands of sailors who would die searching for just one of those Devil Fruits. Try eating it, it's interesting. Kalifa, don't do it! It's not a good thing. It tastes like shit! Like shit! Jyabura doesn't want Kaku and her to power up, chapapa. That's right! Jealousy and envy are what wound the name of a man! Yoyoi! Shut up, won't you!? Oi, you two. Think about it well! If it goes well, you could make hundreds of millions from it! While one mouthful of it could mean a life of problems! Chapapa Hmm, isn't this interesting? If it's a good one, I'll gladly accept it. They ate them! Shit! Chapapa What's wrong!? Yoyoi! Do you feel any changes in your body? Cha-pa-pa! It tastes bad. SAY SO SOONER!! An awful taste! You knew about it, chapapa! Aren't you courageous to have eaten it all? Oi, try doing something. What kind of power did you get? I don't feel as if anything has changed. You'll realize the extent of the changes very soon. This is the birth of new Devil Fruit users. This is gonna be fun. At least try to control your abilities while you can. You may have to test them out in actual combat, depending on chief-dono's orders. Blueno couldn't wait anymore. Seems like he went ahead to participate in the little feast. I underestimated you. You shouldn't! I didn't think he could keep up with soru's speed I'll charge at him with everything. Direct hits will be useless on a rubber man. There was a door in the floor just now! W-What? What's this? Were there such small doors here before!? Ah, damn! I'm stuck, shit! What a trap! You! What is this, what did you do!? Is this a Devil Fruit!? I ate the doa doa fruit, I'm a door man. Door man? I can turn everything I touch Into a door! What's happening!? My eyes are turning!! Which way is the front!? Make it stop! Oi, cook! Yeah, I saw. Luffy is already fighting with the CP9. I-Is that true? Damn, we were too late! But we're completly surrounded, how are we gonna get out of this? Because of some guy's steel ball, Gomorrah can't move anymore! Fire! Shoot down all the pirates from the monster! There's only one way remaining! Yeah, we're gonna have to go through them to the Courthouse! We can't do otherwise. Alright! Let's go, guys! Wait!! Don't get off, everybody!! Chopper? Hold on tight!! Gomorrah is Gomorrah is saying this! Th-That monster! It's still alive! Fire! We have to stop it with mortars! Fire! Fight back, we have to cover Gomorrah! GO, GOMORRAH! The damage report over there is exceeding two thousand! This is the worse situation since the formation of Enies Lobby! Next time, One Piece: Luffy is in Sight! Gather at the Courthouse Plaza! I'm gonna be the Pirate King!