One Piece treasure present! The first keyword is this! The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! At the Judiciary Tower Robin learnt Luffy and the others were coming to recue her. Wait! Isn't this different from our arrangement!? The condition for me to accept to collaborate with you was supposed to be letting them get away safely! Didn't they set off Water 7 safely and then come here? This is desesperatly dirty They don't even have a fragment of humanity! Ah? What did you say? Shut up, you filth! We don't even have the obligation to keep our promises with criminals like you! Take this, take this, bastard! You too! Don't become so cocky! Coward The receiver is off the hook. Cutty Flam goes to Impel Down. Nico Robin goes to the Marine Headquarters. As soon as the departure preparations are done, take them through the Gate of Justice. The CP9 can return to their private rooms and take a break. My subordinates are such promising guys As long as they are here, I don't feel like I could lose to anyone! On the other side, riding the kingbull and following after Luffy, the Straw Hat crew were progressing with ease. Don't come aboard as you wish! He's our captain. His will is strong! Get us to Luffy in the Main Island, kingbull! "By the way, the masked guy who was with you didn't come aboard, is that okay?" He says. Sogeking is nowhere to be seen! M-Major! This is terrible! What's wrong? Straw Hat Luffy We lost sight of Straw Hat Luffy! Search for him! We must absolutly track down the Straw Hat! Finally getting on the Courthouse's roof. So this is the last building.. Yosh. What? Air Door Ah! You're the cow who was with the pigeon guy! I thought the information about the damage report being of five was wrong Ah, it surprised me. Since the beggining of the World Government, this is the first time this happen. To have a man sneak up to the entrance of the Government. Until when do you plan on fighting? Until I die. Give back Robin! Luffy vs Blueno! What should we do!? Anyway, we can't go back for the ones who didn't come aboard now. He'll manage to do something by himself. But this is an island covered by soldiers! He's not Luffy and if we leave him alone, his life will On our journey across the islands, all of us became stronger without even noticing. He too has overcome death on every island we passed by. We don't have anyone who would die so easily our crew! We don't have anyone like that in our crew. Everytime? Our crew? What are you saying, Zoro!? Sogeking was asked by Usopp to help us save Robin and then he came to us! He is An invincible hero, right? That's right! If it's the justice's super hero, Sogeking, then He'll certainly I was too late to get on the kingbull. What should I do? I fell behind the others a lot Senkanhou But those shipwrights are awesome! Whatever happens, I left the crew. Should I run away? I can't, I can't do that! Running away is the only thing I can't do! The man Usopp! Didn't I hide my identity all the way and then arrived here!? Robin had to surrender herself to protect the crew when it was important! I must fight no matter what happens! Alright There is only one way to reach everyone else! Let's go with the "Disguising into a government employee and pass through the other government soldiers" great strategy! This is goo- W-What!? What is this!? A flooding!? Oi! Enemy attack, enemy attack! The giant woke uuuuuuup! We tried for 50 years and failed! We're sorry, bosses! Bosses? We are Elbaf's shame! Elbaf? Elbaf Bosses Maybe! Could it be that you came from the warrior's village, Elbaf? Who the hell are you!? I I am Sogeking from the Sniper island! C-Could you tell me more about that story? Why should I have the obligation to tell this to a tiny guy like you!? Hey, calm down! Aren't Elbaf's warriors the proudest men in the world? If you are crying over this, it must be extremely important! I want to know that reason! Please I have no choice but to tell even someone like you. Me and Kaashii too Since 100 years ago we were pirates. We were running wild throughout the world. But someday on an certain island Cheers! Those two killed a freakingly huge Sea King each! We may be Elbaf's Giant clan, but only our bosses can beat monsters of that calibre! Right, everyone!? Surely this is our greatest catch! Yea, they're the biggest ones ever. And which one was the biggest? Which one? It seems like mine is a little bit bigger. Cut the crap! Mine is bigger than yours by 3 centimetres! What!? What is it!? Bosses! Please stop! Our two bosses started fighting. It was a battle that put the bosses' pride at stake. Got no choice. This is the battle's signal. The crew was dissolved. Everyone had to return to our homeland. What he is talking about It's Little Garden! Only the victor of a life or dead fight should be able to go back to his village but even after dizains of years nobody came back. After 50 years, thinking this was strange I and Kaashii set out to the sea to bring them back. But got captured by the marines on our way there and were forced to give them all kind of informations. That's when they told us the frightening truth. That those two strong bosses were imprisoned in the government's great prison! This is a story of about 50 years ago. The government gave us conditions. If me and Kaashii work for the government during 100 years In other words, if we could protect the Enies Lobby's gates during 100 years they would release our bosses and let us return to our homeland Elbaf together. A giant's lifespan is 300 years. There's nothing about giving them 100 years Under those conditions, we fought for 50 years. But today pirates breached the door! I never thought such a thing would happen! Shit! Because of this the bosses will be in a cage for the rest of their lives! Oi, oi! W-wait a sec! That story is weird What's funny!? If you are going to laught about our pride! No, no, no! Not that 'funny'! I mean that it's weird! Weird, you say? You see, during our journey to come here, we met with those two! The Elbaf's warriors you are talking about, Dorry and Broggy, are still continuing since Eh? You Why do you know their name? No, that's impossible! If you want to know about that, I'll tell you as much as you wish! And then You still don't believe me? What should I say for you to believe me!? Their weapons!? Their techniques!? I know everything! I REALLY MET WITH THEM! You protected our pride with all your might. So whatever strong enemy it may be we won't let our friend's pride down. Believe in us and continue straight forward! Let's meet once again! Absolutly! Straight ahead! Straight ahead! Straight ahead! WE'VE ALREADY BEEN EATEN! Straight ahead! Straight ahead! Hakoku [Warrior nation] We flew out! They cut the ocean itself! This is the strength of Elbaf's warriors! Saa, go! Seeing those two as masters I swore to myself I would someday become a man with such high pride! Won't you believe my words!? That they have been imprisoned for over 50 years IS A BIG LIE! The bosses are still alive, right? Is that so? Thanks godness! That's really great! Hey! We're almost at the Courthouse! Absolutly kill/stop it. Damn, kingbull! Great! We stopped one! Sodom! Sodom! This is terrible! We must treat him immediatly! Sodom, hang on! Don't fall yet! Guys, hurry to get on this side! Don't just stand there! Sodom is done for! That mortar got his heart! Hurry before he collapses! If you don't move forward who will do it in your place!? He says 'Go!'! He's collapsing! Nobody is on it! What did you say? Oi. Let's go Gomorrha! Robin is in that building behind you, right? Move from there, cow! It seems like you and the others still didn't notice it. That what you are doing is a great offense/crime against the whole world. What do you want to say? Across the world's oceans, we have influence over more than 170 affiliated countries. When you decided to invade this island owned by the massive organization known as the world govrnment it meant you also declared war to those countries. The government will put its dignity at stake and make all of you wanted criminals throughout the world before you making suffer cruel deaths. You are at most a 10 mens. This is quite a small power. I only told you to get out of the way. Whether I move or nor I only warned you there wasn't any future for all of you who broke through Enies Lobby's gates. Fighting is also useless. I think you saw enough of our fighting style the Rokushiki in the Galley-La mansion to understand. As well as the difference of power between us. That's right But in this moment I don't feel like losing at all! Gomu Gomu no Tekkai Rifle What? When I fought this man in the mansion, I'm sure he didn't have such power! Gatling gun Soru Whatever about the world, or about the government. Do what you want with those things. We only came here to take Robin back! This is bad, even Gomorrha was hit! We'll get encircled by enemies this way! There's only one road! Let's break in! Next time, One Piece: Don't stop! Give the signal of a counterattack! I will become the what's with that nose? O_o Here's the way to get your present! Write the four letters that appeared in the show, your adress, your full name, your age, your opinion on the show and you may win a lot of prices! The last keyword is this ! [Finally done ^^ Usopp should learn to shut up]