Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! What? Don't you Die on me! I-is Nami-san okay? You guys're as lively as ever I'm glad you're alive. It's true! Mermaids really don't exist! Seems like what they always say is true! "If you think you saw a mermaid, it's really a dugong!" Idiots! She didn't say if she's a mermaid yet! Don't ruin my dream! I'm an icefish mermaid. Stop it, no more! Shit Dammit! They're firing! Aniki! We have also located the pirates, around 50 total, in the middle of escaping at the main gate. That's Zambai and the others! See, didn't I tell you? They made it off the island safely! No need to worry 'bout them! Even if you kill 'em, those bastards won't die! This one time- After our attack, nothing remains; They have all died. In the island's current state, survival is impossible. Amount of survivors in Enies Lobby: Zero. Can people really die this easily? You can't see people on a map. They're simply uncaringly erasing an island off of that map. That's the Buster Call. Hurry up, Strawhat! Your nakama're waiting for you! I'm not gonna accept it if you die! This is the end. I'm not stopping till I beat you. Do you plan on killing yourself? I don't know what'll happen. Gear Second. Wait for Luffy! Struggle on the Bridge of Hesitation! Luffy Hurry and come out! Gomu Gomu no Jet Pistol! He jumped back to avoid some of the damage? Shigan! Jet Bullet! Twin Jet Pistol! Gomu Gomu no Let me show you The most powerful attack available to those with full mastery of rokushiki! Rokushiki Ougi! Ougi: Secret attack Rokuougan! Rokuougan: Six king gun It's like the impact dials from the sky islands But there's a lot more power! Rankyaku "Gaichou"! Luffy! Lucci's strong. If Strawhat hadn't been holding Lucci there all along, I dunno how many of us would've died. I've thought about it sometimes From the beginning, Luffy always seems to know which person he has to fight. I'll kick that pigeon-guy's ass! He just goes by instinct. Even more than you. I have a report, sir! Strawhat Luffy is in the first tower! He's alive? Tell all the ships to get into battle formation near the Bridge of Hesitation. Yessir! Tell them! He won't die, right? Are you stupid? What?! You're the one who's stupid! What? The walls The first tower has been separated! They blew up half the bridge. What's going on? In the first tower are both Rob Lucci of CP9, And Strawhat Luffy. The battleships are coming! All ships, battle formation around the Bridge of Hesitation. On the Bridge of Hesitation and the convoy ship, Are, including Pirate-Hunter Zoro and Nico Robin, A total of nine pirates! We believe they are the main force responsible for the defeat of CP9 in the Tower of Justice! They're coming to get Robin back. We won't let them! But they're really something! Enies Lobby has remained impenetrable for years, all because of CP9. That was all destroyed by a single crew, And their captain is on par with Rob Lucci Strawhat Luffy really isn't just some regular rookie. But he can't win against Lucci. We'll make the destruction caused by this crew clear, By stopping this evil now! Oi, look over there! Luffy-kun! Over here! Everyone got to the bridge safely! We're all fine! There's no need to worry about us, Luffy-kun! We saved Robin-chan, too! Now, you just beat him! Beat him, Luffy! And, together, Let's go back! Now it's just a matter of time. It seems it's just as you said; they all survived. I'm impressed. But now, we will see how long you can keep this up. Evil will not prosper in this world! Lieutenant Commanders and lower, stay behind. Captains and Commanders, the 200 elite fighters, put an end to this quickly. Captain? Isn't that the same as that smoke-guy, Smoker? There's that many of them?! It means they're scared of us. Baachan, I'm scared Huh? Where's Sanji? He was here just a bit ago! What? Where's he going at a time like this? Stupid cook All men, prepare for battle! Stop trying to show off and attack already! This'll be fun. I'll go all out again. We'll take 'em all on here no matter what! We'll do this 'till Luffy gets here! We need to get off the ship. If it gets damaged, we can't leave! I won't be captured again. I can't move! Get them! Lieutenant Commanders and lower, stay behind. Captains and Commanders, the 200 elite fighters, put an end to this quickly. Get them! Recover Nico Robin! After all this trouble we went through to get her back, you think that's gonna happen? Sounds good! But there's so many Weapons Taking 'em out one by one'll be too hard I'll just finish this now! I'll show you Sogeking's power! Himawari Boshi: Sunflower star Himawari Boshi! Should we just make this a shooting match, then? Damn you! That won't work! Weapons Left! You're not getting away Strong Right! Wait! Wait! You- That's a katana, not a broadsword! That's not how you use it! What's that? Gunpowder Star! I did it! My feint attack worked! What?! I was about to fall off! That was close But they just keep coming one after the other It's really annoying. Isn't there anyone good here? Don't think you'll be able to beat me, no matter how many of you there are. You can't really think you can fight me. You've got my attention. How's that? If all you're doing is trying to overpower me, You'll never win. Santouryuu Onigiri! That was close, bastard! Go fight Zoro instead! Zoro is- Good job, Zoro-kun. Sogeking, duck! Nice, Zoro-kun! Baachan, they're coming this way now This is bad. Robin, you stay here. I'll go stop them. Here I go Thunder Charge! Swing Arm! Thunder Ball! A cloud? Thunderbolt Tempo. I did it She's using some weird weapon! Damned pirate! Robin I'm one of the Strawhats as well. We'll all fight together. More?! Oi! We're just hostages! We're really weak! Hold 'em off till Luffy gets here! Soru! You seem to be losing heart, and the power from that technique is starting to drop as well. This is pointless. You really are too weak to defeat Enies Lobby after all; That's all there is to it! Gomu Gomu no Jet Axe! Even if Enies Lobby were to be ruined That woman who is in the way of the government's goal I would chase that woman down to the ends of the earth to eliminate her! All in the name of dark justice! We came here to save Robin from that! Jet Stamp! Rokuougan! Luffy! No Oi, why're you just standing there Soge- LUFFY! Those guys They're all alive! Now, all that's left Is for me to kick this pigeon-guy's ass! Let's go back together, Robin! Next time on One Piece: The Feelings Shown With Fists! Luffy's Full Strength Gatling I'm gonna be the pirate king!