Oi, is it true that a marine ship accosted here? Eh, a Marine ship? Yeah, I heard it anchored there at dawn. Why would the Marines come to such a remote island again? But there wasn't any marine to be seen around. What's that? Just like a ghost ship, there wasn't anyone aboard. This just can't be. Professor! Professor Clover! Did something happen? I don't think this can be but a marine ship is accosted at the shore! It might be an investigation. We should take our precautions just in case. Let the scholars know about this. My raft is completed! Then you're going? What's that? Why the openly sad face? Oh yea, I thought about adding a flag or something. I'll have to stay here a bit longer. To the sea Do you want to set out to the sea too, Robin? My mother is always busy with her archeology researches, but someday she'll come back to this island again. I'll ask her to bring me with her to the sea next time. I studied hard for this and became an archeologist. An archeologist? Even though you're so tiny? But You don't even remember your mother's face? But she's my mother. I want to meet her. Do you know, Saulo? The world has got an empty century whose history is unknown to everyone. Yea, that's the void century. I'm interested in it, but the government forbids all researches on it. My mother is travelling across the world to study it. But you musn't tell this to anyone. Because it's in fact a crime. Does this mean she's searching for stones called Poneglyphes? You know about Poneglyphes? It doesn't matter! Listen well, Robin. You musn't talk about this in front of other people! Your mother is looking around for these! What's wrong? Robin, do you know your mother's name? Olvia. She's named Nico Olvia. Saulo? Robin is Olvia's daughter. Then could this place Be an island called Ohara!? This is terrible! How can this be!? Did I drift all the way to Ohara!? This ain't the time for this! Robin! What? It might surprise you, but listen to my story carefully. Marine battleships should be heading to Ohara as we speak! The Marines? Why? To erase all the scholars on this island! Erase them? You musn't This is a lie. let the government guys That's a lie. know you're an archeologist! All of this is a lie! It's true! I wouldn't lie to you! You should go to the town right away and see if anything is wrong! Your mother might be back too! A Mother and Child Fate! That Mother's Name is Olvia! It's been a while, everyone. Olvia! Olvia-san! So you were the one on that Marine ship? Weren't captured by the Marines? Those are bad news to inform you of when I just came back. But everything I've said is true. So this means the government finally set his eyes on this land. Did you read the newspaper? The research team that left Ohara 6 years ago to study the Poneglyphes All 33 members have been annihilated, all excepted me. I was once caught by the Marine too. After longly investigating the belongings of my slaughtered companions, the government discovered we were from Ohara. I cannot make any excuse. Because of us, danger was brought upon this island. Won't you stop!? It isn't the fault of anyone! The ones who set out to the sea and the ones who stayed here are all part of the same team. Aren't you the ones who became victims? You suffered a lot because of us. Professor From the beginning, the government has seen Ohara as a threat since it's a place where scholars from all over the one gather to study the history. They probably think they've finally caught us. They won't let this chance escape. Indeed. But we managed to get this information in time. They'll eventually try to erase all the scholars in Ohara! So everyone should escape quickly from Ohara! That's right. It seems that this time alone we won't be able to elude the investigation like every other time. Since the government is striving to kill us. Then hurry! But you know, Olvia. I cannot let myself escape leaving those treasures of mankind behind. Understand me. We're the same, Olvia. Everyone We don't know what does the government wants to do. If we run away from here, we won't be able to protect the precious history. We'll do all we can, this time too. More importantly There must be something bothering you, right? But I can't meet her Make it clear, Olvia. Are you going to board the ship or not? If you've got obligations towards your daughter, forget it. We'll fulfill your husband's wish. No, I'm going. I'm a scholar of the land of Ohara! I cannot give up on my ancestors' will! I'm sorry, Robin. I'll solve all mysteries and certainly come back. Where's mama? Where my mom? Where did she go? Your mom left for her job She set out on the sea! You'll stay in this house meanwhile. You're noisy! If you don't shut up, I'll hit you! Oi, oi, stop it. She's only two years old. Our daughter is two aswell. I don't care if she's your sister's child or whatever, how could you pick up such a thing? Who is it!? Don't move from there! Uh Excuse me I am Hum I'm sorry!! Tell me when you want to read a book. But I don't have any money. I don't need money. You can read everything here for free. For free? Yeah. Since this is the best library in the world. The world's best? That's right. By the way, you are Olvia's daughter, aren't you? Do you like books? She's a lot like you when you were young. She's an unique genius aswell. If she's fine That's good Since I've walked this path already, I must sever all bonds. I can't let her become the daughter of a criminal. Professor Clover! This time, it's ships aborning the World Government's flag! Governement ships coming all the way to West Blue? Are you sure? The situation is quite serious. Everyone, listen well. I'm not one of your companions, nor am I one of your aquaintances. Carve this in your heads. Whatever happens. Olvia, wait! What are you doing? Alright, tell hem we arrived. Come on, come on, come on! Hurry going in! This is troublesome But this job might get me a promotion. Oi. Restrain all of those wearing the name of scholar. What happened? A woman holding a gun is running around! Such a terrible thing! I'm sorry, Robin! Vice Admiral Kuzan. What? Chief Spandine of the CP9 arrived at Ohara. What's that? You absolutely had to wake me up JUST TO TELL ME THAT!? I-I'm sorry! What's wrong, Robin? Did my mother come here? What are you saying? There's no way your mother could be in Ohara. I must sever all bonds. I can't let her become the daughter of a criminal. What's wrong, all of a sudden? That's right It's terrible! Marine battleships are coming to the island, In order to capture all of the island's scholars! Is there any panic in town? What you're talking about aren't battleships, but government ships. It seems like they've already docked on the island. This will probably become one of the most severe investigation ever. Listen, Robin. If you meet with people from gouvernment. you mustn't let them know that you're an archaeologist. Nobody will suspect you to be an archaeologist since you're so young. You got it? Move! Stop working! Raise both hands in the air and get outside! Isn't this a bit overly violent? This Ohara research center is suspected of the enourmous crime of deciphering the Poneglyph. We'll be proceeding to a complete investigation, so all of you must get outside immediately! Don't do anything rash. Everything here is too precious for you to understand its value. I don't have to listen to this! Take them outside! To the population! The scholars of this island are suspected of being devils, wishing for the destruction of this world. Why? They're excellent scholars, well known throughout the world, and they're the pride of this island! From this point on, this enterie island will be undertaking a full-scale investigation! Consequently, people unrelated to archaeology should all head to the evacuation ship located on the west shore, whit proof of identity. Evacuation ship? Why go to such extremes? If it's a problem with the scholars, we aren't involved with it! There's no need to leave the island It was our duty to warn you. If you wish to ignore this advice, whatever may happen to you It won't be any of our concern. Get away from the city! Evacuate to the west shore! The world Gouvernment is planning to start something! I've been shot! i'm done for! I'm done for! Shit! Report! this to the upper management! The title of chief should go to my son! Chief, look carefully. It only passed through the sleeve of you coat. Oh, is that so? The next bullet won't miss. This is the criminal that wonderfully managed to escape from the Marine's prison. To belive you'd set foot on this island by complete chance, Nico Olvia. To have a woman who always kept denying her relationship to the scholars of Ohara show up here. It's like having her admit this is her homeland, you know Labeling this island's scholars with the same crime as you in the process. My being here doesn't qualify as any proof. You must have prepared all kinds of excuses. You're a clever woman. But it's alright Your relationship with Ohara is no importance now. If we check every nook and corner of this island, We should find proof of you all studying the Poneglyph right away. The gouvernment is sure that the probability of that is 100% The gouvernment only saw it as a small incident to have caught all of you, who've been running away here and there for six years. When they'd catch Poneglyphes researchers from all over the world, they would always search a connexion to Ohara. Do you understand why? Don't tell me To set Ohara as an example? Exactly. if Ohara, the holy grounds of archeology, was to be crushed, if would cause such an uproar in the scientific world We'll be able to demonstrate to the world the consequences of pursuing the Void Century. Then These battleships from the headquarters that are on stand-by must be Eh, how much do you know? That's right. They are there so that we don't let any of the criminal for the example escape. But as a formality, we'll need to confirm if they're guilty or not. Since we ain't pirates, after all. That's why I purposely came here. To chase down unvolved people from here, after a compulsory investigation of this island. Purposely. Take her down. Stop it! These books are the treasure of mankind! He's still there!? Bring him out! Shit! Bastards! It must be hidden somewhere! You must absolutely find it! This is terrible. There are warships approaching from as far as I can see! Is this all of them!? Alright, gather all the scholars here! Look, the scholars got caught. What on earth did they do? They were doing researches to destroy the world? This must be a lie! Where's the evacuation ship!? At the west shore! Hurry! Rush there! To the west shore! Robin. It seems there's an evacuation ship. We don't know what does the government plans to do anymore. Hurry and go there too. No! Even if I get on this ship, there isn't any kind people on it! I'll stay here with everyone! Robin. But I'm the same as everyone! It's alright, just go! How are you doing, gentlemen? Good job, Chief-dono! But you know It seems that a terrible beast appears in this island's forests. I was almost killed Olvia! Olvia-san Alright, listen well. This woman is a fugitive. Her group was annihilated for the crime of deciphering ancient letters. But we don't know about the crucial part. But if you have a connexion with this woman, it makes things way easier. Horrible. Even if she's a woman Robin, head to the evacuation ship. Hurry. Robin Robin! You've grown so much. Olvia. What did he do? What does he think this library is!? To think you'd resort to such violence. Ohh, we did it quite flashily. Hello? Is the this chief-dono? Yea, it's me. We found it! Hidden in the basement, there's a huge stone that seems to be a Poneglyph. We've also found clear evidence of research on the ancient letters! Alright, good work. And now, scholars of Ohara! Your capital sentence has been decided! This is really too bad. Now, on this very day, the world's best archeologists will lose their lives. Look at this, what a disappointment. So my job is finish! We just need to report to the Gorousei now. Roger. Professor, will everyone will be killed? It's a lie, right? Is it really just for reading ancient letters? Why? Idiot little brat!! Their goal is to awake a powerful weapon and kill a bunch of people!! That's a lie! Nobody thinks of doing that!! Robin, please stop. That lowly pawn of the government could never understand that. WHAT!? Is it really the weapons the government is afraid of? Professor! Professor Clover! They're on the line. Alright. Very well. Let me speak with the the Gorousei, the top of the world, before I die. I'd like to report to them what we in Ohara strived their best to study all this time, in other words, the hypothesis we've formulated on the Void Century. Trivial matters Oi! Yes. Robin, get away from here immediatly. If you hear what I have to say, it'll become a crime. Professor. Oi, it seems that the scholars' crime has been confirmed. Is this true? Oi! There are marine battleships approching the west shore! Something is about to happen! Hurry to the evacuation ship! W-What!? It's a Giant!! Where are you? Robin!! Run away from this island quickly! Saulo, take care of Robin! Have my daughter escape at all costs! What about mom? Won't you stay with me? I still have things left to do here. No! I don't want to be separated! I just met you Mom!! Next time, One Piece: Ohara's Tragedy! Terror of the Buster Call I'll become the Pirate King!