Dumb! Now we know the true one identity of the members of the CP9 Lucci, Kaku, Bluen, Kalfifa. Luffy and Zoro were opposed to them… but they were beaten by Lucci which have the capacity of the fruit Neko Neko. The CP9 discovered that Franky is actually Cutty Flam and that it has the plan of the old weapon, Pluton. I do not have anything to give you! Following a short combat, they succeeded in putting the hand on Franky, which had been opposed to them. They smashed me well. I will make him pay that! We will leave only after having recovered what we came to seek… Engineer Cutty Flam. The plans are not here! Afflicted. Where am I? Shit! Why does that arrive only at me? Whore! Is necessary that I draw from there! They is good, I am there almost. The government handled us… They will make us take the responsibility of this attack. They want the plan… then they will treat Tom-san like a criminal. And you oses still to say that you do not have nothing to do there?! So because of that Tom-san is made stop… I WILL FORGIVE IT TO YOU, NEVER! FRANKY! I would never have… STOP! Tom-san! One should not be upset with him, Iceberg. Franky did not do anything of evil. Even now you continue to defend it!? Tom-san! I is sorry, it is one of the harpoons which I manufactured. I manufactured them so as to it that one doesnot can withdraw them. Whore! Do not excuse you, that does not even make me badly. Look by here! Tom is with ground! Why it is so seriously wounded?! This is due to the attack?! Inhabitants of the city… Eh well now Sirs… if we went downtown?! Dumb! Spanda! It is Spandam! My dear criminals. Last breath Of a MAN the ÉGENDAIRE! The DAY OR UMI RESSHA IS AFFLICTED Here those which attacked the city! You reassure! We, the CP5, destroyed the boats accused in the attack! They do not have nowhere where to go! It had just to await the lawsuit to be cleared. Why Tom did it do that? It was only one combined of the Lord of the Pirates after all. Charmed to make your knowledge. I belong to the CP5, my name is Spandam. Fortunately that you were by here. You saved us. Do I can have their guard? I would like to question them. thus try you to leave there now, nobody any more will believe you. The plan of the old weapon goes soon to belong to me to me Spandam! How all that did can arrive? First of all I congratulate you concerning Umi Ressha. From today, it will contribute enormously in the growth of Seven Toilets. Then, with regard to your implication in the construction of the boat pirates of Gold Roger… we went you gracier and rising the sorrow which then weighed on you why thus to have made another crime? Your mouths! We did not attack the naval Court of Assizes! It is this cretin of Spandam the person in charge! Anything! What it tells the apprentice of Tom! The CP5 would not have anything to gain in running the naval Court of Assizes. It is unthinkable, they are that conneries! You Cutty Flam, isn't this names themselves? You were stopped on the scene of the crime, in the middle of the accused boats… Moreover, these ships do not have all summer created by your company?! The boats which make this type of things… are not… more my boats! Tom pulverized his shackles! Out of cheek! Out of cheek! Tom-san. It is the first time that it strikes Franky. What takes to you?! “They are not any more my boats”, not truth?! You should never say that! Why I could not?! I regret having done them! If I had not built these boats, there no would have been casualties. It does not matter the boat… that one builds… It is neither good, nor malicious. It does not matter what you will build in the future. But… Knows that it does not matter that your boats wound people, or even as they destroy the world. That which builds a boat must to like more than no matter whom. That which built it should not disavow it. Do not reject the fault on your boats! A MAN MUST BE PROUD… BOATS WHICH IT BUILDS! Iceberg. Franky. You do not interfere what will occur now. Though it arrives. The world government orchestrated this crime… And now it will show me. The situation is irreversible now. It is finished That they make use of your boats in manner also wretched, that has of you to wound and… you wanted to strike it, is not this Franky Tom-san! Tom became insane! It is impossible! Stop! If you continue… … you include/understand his pain?! FIRE!! They drew. TOM-SAN! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO TOM-SAN! Tranquillizing. You deserved it well, dirtiness of poiscaille! Tom-san! Why you did that?! What you foutez?! Catch to them all! Take along all the members of Tom' S Workers in Enies Lobby! I would never have imagined how Tom was also dangerous! But what it took to him?! I knew, it is to it an ally of the pirates! It built all these warships to this end! Bandage dumbs, do not speak like that about Tom-san! Stop! That will go. But! Your Honor. I am guilty crime to have attacked the naval Court of Assizes. Wait! Tom-san! Not that! But I have a request… Your mouth, salts poiscaille! The criminals as you do not have anything to claim! You, CP5 conceal! I listen to your request, then? If the creation of Umi Ressha can to cancel one of my crimes… Then cancel the crime of today. Even if I accept your request, that would do for nothing but bring back us behind. You would be always guilty to have created the ship of the Lord of the Pirates. Yes, it is very well like that! The fact of having helped this man named Roger… RETURNS TO ME VERY PROUD! Which horror. He is proud to have helped the Lord of the Pirates. Species of traitor! Dirtiness of poiscaille! Tom-san! Why?! It is very well like that. You do not have anything to reproach yourself. I did not think only the government in would have after the plans at this point… The fact of having worked with Roger did nothing but worsen the things. But why all take on you?! They is good. Look at. Even if my sentence is the same one as 14 years ago. This time all is different… because this city is full with life. From now… it does not matter what arrives to me… because I was able to help this city. My dream… finally took its take-off. Tom-san! Tom-san! Iceberg, Franky… Take care of these plans. Kokoro-san, Yokozuna… Thank you to have taken care of me. Tranquillizing finally started to act. Stop these three men who have attacked naval Court of Assizes! Yes! Wait! The charges changed. For the crime to have created the boat of Lord of the Pirates, Gold Roger… I condemn engineer Tom, with being taken along to Enies Lobby. It will be all. Old cretin, I do not know what you ace… In any event the apprentices are not useful to me with nothing. Slacken these two apprentices! Tom-san cannot be saved any more. Vis-a-vis the World Government… one can nothing make! Hold good. Tom-san saved you the life. Then do not waste it while fighting face with them, you will never gain. Enies Lobby is the island of the government where the judgments take place. Nobody succeeded in leaving there! Umi Ressha is avoided to leave! We can go there, Mister! Well! Kokoro-san. Take along to it the guy! I… Let us bring back this dirtiness of large cow! I cannot retain myself any more! STOP!!! Spandam-san has the face very twisted! Maintaining it is the apprentice of Tom who pété a cable! Stop that! Capture it! One takes it along to join Tom! Come, I await you! I will not let to you take it along! Fire at will! Release Tom-san! You are well?! Go ahead, course! WHAT A DUMB!! HE FLED! This dirty idiot of Cutty Flam! It will not draw any like that! He also it is a criminal! As soon as one finishes some with this business, I go back there and I tankard this merdeux! Spandam-san! What?! It is Cu… Cutty Flam! How?! It followed us up to now! It is on the rails, it holds a kind of weapon! Remain here, Yokozuna. He is idiot or what?! What does one make? You to also be you too idiot! One rolls to him above… how he asks it! That poses a problem to you?! Of agreement. Stop, Puffing Tom! Where hope you to take along your creator?! I will not leave myself it! Return to me Tom-san! Stop, Umi Ressha! I see! Your parents gave up you! The boob! Hey, stops of you marrer! Very well then, you can come at home! Tom-san! I do not want to build boats any more… They could wound the people whom I love. I do not want any more! But, Tom-san… You are… what I always wanted to be! I want that you returned to learn to me! One day… I will build the boat of my dreams! The boat of my dreams… who will be able to cross… largest waves with pride! And to make the round the world tour! Called Tom for what one knows of him… was a talented but unverifiable man because of its man-fish force. People from here do not manage to say clearly who it was. It is a heavy task to defend the name of its Master, Cutty Flam? I do not even want to answer you… You are only shits with the pay of the government! Oï… This day, that which wounded a hundred soldiers of the navy and inhabitants of Seven Toilets… It was you. To attack a representative of the government is a very serious crime, but… one believed you dead, crushed by Umi Ressha at the time of the accident… then a withdrawal of case was marked. As a former criminal, you will be takes along to Enies Lobby. And at this time, we will be able to take our time… to question you and know where the plan of Pluto is. Blueno. Yes. That has been just connected. When, I spoke about it with our chief… he said to me that he wanted absolutely to speak you. Your chief? Please, chief. That burns! Heat, heat!! I reversed my coffee! Shit, whore of coffee! It is what that? You are well there, Cutty Flam? That made a long time… I did not think that you would have survived that. I have evil to believe in it, but which good news… Be to you which, you? During these 8 last years… I have mad not to be able to avenge me for these wounds which make me so much suffer… because the criminal who had inflicted them to me had died. I You AI ASK WHICH You STAYS! You do not remember… that which had stopped Tom' S Workers for the attack of the naval Court of Assizes. Your chief Please, chief. That burns! Heat, Heat!!! I reversed my coffee! Shit, whore of coffee! It is what that? You are well there, Cutty Flam? That made a long time. I did not think that you would have survived that. I have evil to believe in it, but which good news. Be to you which, you? You do not remember? I was the representative of Cypher Pole N. 5… that which had stopped Tom' S Workers for the attack of the naval Court of Assizes. It is you Spanda! Dumb! It is SPANDAM! I await impatiently your arrival with Enies Lobby. The guy, bring to me this criminal, immediately! That burns! That burns! Foutue lamp! Received. *Katcha* Let leave to me, whore! One goes there. DO NOT LEAVE SO QUICKLY! RELEASE it! All my excuses. Oi! It WAS WHAT THIS MOMENT OF GLORY CAN!? If I remember well, you are one companion of the Straw hat. THE TRUTH BEHIND TREASON! DECISION DOULEUREUSE OF ROBIN! The only task that it remains us today, it is to prepare the train for people of the government. It is not more badly seen that Aqua Laguna approaches. The boat of this evening is a little special, it appears that there will be very important people on board. How that? I heard types of the Navy which spoke about it. They said that there are people of very high-row who carry out a secret mission in Water Seven, under cover of anonymity. A secret mission? Yes, but I do not know what it acts exactly. If they are under cover of anonymity, it may be that we know them. You know what? I have an little idea of their true identity. How? Who that? What? These types… Sometimes they sometimes happen to them to discuss with the shelter of all, very close to the bar of Blueno. But good, suspecter just for that… But these goods with nothing crowned one influence even if they do not foutent anything. Hum, certainly. There are many people which risk to travel in first class. Listen. One will know their identity well when they will join Umi Ressha. Tomorrow, everyone will speak only about that downtown. It is useless! The wind is too strong! Fire does not weaken! If there remain still people, one can nothing any more for them. Iceberg-san! Paulee-san! Nami… It is terrible… It is necessary… That I… looks after… quickly… Dispatch you to look after them! They are seriously flarings! He, what one makes reindeer?! Also take it along, it saved the life to them! You ace reason. Oï, give me a knack! It was made beat. You left the crew of the Straw hat, but you did not give up piracy. As you are a pirate, one will have to take you along with us. Kalifa. Yes. And this ship… It also will be necessary to get rid some. He! Withdraw your legs from there! What you made ace? YOU HEAR Me!? Even if it were only one cover, we were engineers completely qualified in this city. Cease feeling sorry for you. When it is finished, it is finished. AND THEN?! COWARD the BUSINESS! It IS NOT YOUR BOAT! With that, one must be able to evacuate water. Wait! Do not make the idiot! He! He! Stop! All will be well… I all will transport you still a little. MERRY!!! You move away! That collapses! Whore! Cretin! Run away yourself! One can nothing make. Iceberg-san regains consciousness! Really? It is brilliant! Hurrah! It is alive! Iceberg-san! It is thanks to this reindeer! But it appears that it is the animal of the Straw hat. He, the girl regains consciousness! What does one make? One forces it to say to us where find the Straw hat?! But it is seriously wounded! And it is a woman. Then one makes… Iceberg-san, you should not move! Please, leave us only a moment. I want to only speak with only with it. CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO They speak about what? No idea. What takes to you?! You move the bottom! Lucci and the others are perhaps still inside! Give us a knack, bandages morons! It rightly. Oï! Afflicted! Nmaa~ First of all, I would like to excuse me… to have shown to you wrongly… I will make dissipate this misunderstanding. It is in connection with Nico Robin. You know something? You oddly it acts that since arrived in this city? Yes, very of a blow. It disappeared suddenly once arrived downtown. The morning, it had tried to assassinate you. One of our companions found it, but it him said that it would not return any more among us. We had not included/understood his reason… and thus we came to see it this night for he to ask why she wanted to leave the crew. It is to carry out my dream. Never it will be carried out if I remain with you. Which is thus this dream which will not be carried out not if it remains with us? I will say to you what I know. That was to be at the time when you had lost of sight Nico Robin downtown for the first time. CP9. The plan of the government was already moving. There is indeed a reason with its behavior. But before that, knows that Nico Robin and me… let us hold the capacity to destroy the world by awaking an old weapon. The world? Indeed. There is unforeseen in the course of the plan… Everyone gathers in the room. And do not draw on Iceberg. You see, Nico Robin. The plan that you recovered is a forgery. I still prefer to die, rather than to give the plan to the government. In addition… If you seek Ponéglyphes and assistances the government… I should stop you, here and now. I do not seek Ponéglyphes to awake the weapons. However, I want to know the history. That does not excuse anything! I repeated it… still and still… Even if you do not want it, the weapons can wound no matter whom. Even the people who are expensive to you! Objects being able to wound others, can always be used with an unhealthy aim. If you intend to cause the destruction of the world because of your desire for knowing the history… then I must kill you here and now, Nico Robin! You saw the destiny of the demons of Ohara and however you want nevertheless to discover the history!? WHAT YOU KNOW OHARA?! You do not know the sorrows that I endured in my life because of the world government! Then why you help this government, if you hate it as much as that? I have a dream to carry out whatever is the price. When I met the CP9 downtown, they imposed two conditions to me… To make show the crew of Straw hat of your murder. And then to follow the government and to obey to them. They will carry out you right to dead… Why a woman who has escaped during 20 years with would the government accept these conditions? The CP9 had the exceptional authorization… to use Buster Cal against the Straw hat. Buster cal? It is an emergency procedure which gathers Once one became the target of such an army, it is possible no more no to escape from it. Normally this capacity belongs only to But the CP9 received from Ao Kiji the authorization exceptional to use one of them. If I refused their conditions, they would have started Buster Cal against us. By hearing the name of “Ao Kiji”, I resigned myself to accept. If I could survive these last years in any conditions, it is because… I did not have anybody to protect. I could betray people and to be used for to me about it to protect me. But… Today I cannot any more do it. They gave again me taste with the life, saved my heart and the dreams which I had lost. I was made friends who believe in me. But then n the other hand… I could authorize the 6 members of the crew of Mugiwara me excluded to leave this island alive! And for that you are ready to awake the old ones weapons with the risk to destroy the world?! Completely. Do not do anything! I do not manage to press on the trigger… In spite of all the human lives of this world… it is you six whom it chose. All that for us… Even if the plans of the weapon are on the point of we to escape, I can nothing reproach him. Do He, what you have? I am so happy… Then Robin did not betray us. I must gather everyone and to inform some quickly! Thank you, Iceberg-san! Wait! What do you intend to make? The crew of Mugiwara is in crumbs! What do we intend to make? But it is now that all is played! Luffy and the others do not die for if little. They will not be let make! From now, one will recover Robin. The doubt and uncertainty weakened them… When they learn that one can save it, their force will not know any limit! Chopper! Chopper! Chopper! Upright! One will seek the others! Chopper! Hey! Upright! Chopper! Oï, oï, it is seriously wounded! Chopper! Hey! Upright! Chopper! Upright! Chopper! Go! Chopper… Join Luffy and the others and tells them all. Say to them all well. And you, Sanji? I will follow another plan. Do not worry you, I will pay attention. What doesn't go? Does Robin really hate us? Chopper… Retain this well… To forgive the lies of a woman… it is the role of a man. The special convoy will take road with 23:00 for Enies Lobby… Because of the rise of water, the loading will be done starting from the second stage in the hall. Yosh, let us see. Due to secrecy defense, you are not not authorized to see the passengers on board. Good blood… Finally, the woman who was sought during 20 years went. Bingo!