Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Watch carefully! This will be the first step of the hero who will go down in history! The first- The Tower of Justice?! What the hell can they do from over there?! What is he?! At this distance, with the wind blowing, he's managing to hit us? On the island of snipers, Who is he? I was born. Long Nose-kun! Nico Robin is escaping! Don't let her get away, idiots! Shoot her! Yessir! Shoot her to death, without killing her! What? Fire! Who is that?! You I'm fine, I'm made of steel. Your landmine didn't work, Spanda! It worked! This is Franky! Oi, Long-Nose! Nico Robin's handcuffs are off! Yosh! Long Nose-kun, thank you. You should wait to give your thanks to the ones who got the keys when all this is over. You are, without a doubt, Luffy-kun's nakama! Remember that, and go! Just like I planned. I just heard something Robin Saved! Luffy vs. Lucci: The Peak of the Decisive Battle What? Don't tell me The battleships are attacking? The fence was Vice-Admiral! The previous attacks hit towards 4 o'clock! And? Yes? I'm asking why it matters. Yessir. I'm not sure. This is an indiscriminate attack; It doesn't matter what we hit. Yes Our mission is to set everything aflame. We begin with the Tower of Justice, and then continue the attack on the rest of Enies Lobby. Yes If you understand, then Why aren't you preparing for the next attack?! Y-Yessir! The fence surrounding the island was destroyed. That was a pretty big explosion. When lots of ships come in, the attacks will fall like rain And look. The whirlpools that made it impossible for ships to enter this sea have all vanished. It's because of the Gate of Justice being opened for the attacks. The gate was blocking the sea currents, creating those whirlpools. After the gate was opened and the sea currents were unblocked, everything is back to normal and the whirlpools disappeared. Which means that the battleships They'll be able to get in easily. Sogeking! We're out of time! Jump down from there! How could I I don't have that same super-human strength that you have, There's no way I could! I'm a completely normal super hero! Usopp! The Tower of Justice? Long Nose-kun! Long-Nose! Look, this time they got the Tower of Justice! The Tower of Justice? Are those guys okay? That explosion wasn't normal at all! We're under attack! Hurry and get off the island! This can't be happening OI! USOPP! You called? You were alive?! You guys didn't even try and catch the hero who risked his life to jump down?! Idiots! Franky, Robin-chan, we're alright. We're going there now! Thank goodness. Then we have to do something here You okay to be in the fight? Of course. Hurry, men! Before the attack really gets started! Yessir! On the other side of this bridge there's a convoy ship You think that's our ticket out of here? Stealing the boat seems to be the only way to escape. Get them! Dieciséis Fleur! What? Strong Hitter! Second group, go! Treinta Fleur! Master Nail! T-third group, go! Fourth group, fifth group, All of you go get them! Damn, they're pretty annoying just coming one after the other Oi, stay back a sec. Weapons Left! Fresh Fire! Franky Boxing! What powerful attacks! We're no match for him Still not enough? Then Franky Hentai! Hentai: Change form Franky Centaurus! A horse? No it's a horse, but it's not a horse The front part of the horse is in the back Then it's a monster! Wait! I said wait! Oi oi, stop! Go fight! Ow ow ow! Oi, convoy ship! Give us more men, now! Yessir! How many do you need? "How many"?! Idiot! Listen, we have two criminals loose and attacking us right now! No matter where they are, no matter what their job, Everyone come here! Understood! We will all be there to assist with the criminals- Protect me! That's all?! Chimney, Gonbe, let's hurry! Baachan's fast! The alcohol gives you a lot of power, doesn't it? It's not really 'cuz of the alcohol! This is just fun! I really got used to this kinda thing when Tom-san was alive! What's so funny, you horned freak?! Don't attack him Bakanky, I'll never forgive you! How're you guys doing? This is great! So fun, so fun! Pirate-niichan's so fun! Kokoro-san! Chimney! Gonbe! Thanks for the directions! Pirate-neechan! There was a huge tremor just now Seems like they finally started. An attack, an attack! Soru! Bastard! Jet Pistol! Jet Whip! Soru! Shigan "Ouren!" Jet Stamp! The physical power comparable to that of a rokushiki master It's as if he's a different person than the one I met at the Galley-La headquarters. Mysterious steam A strange, red body What's happening inside this man's body? Jet Pistol! Just as I thought; It's just like steroids. You use your legs as pumps to speed the flow of blood If you were a normal human, that much raise in your blood pressure would be enough to burst your heart. But as your organs and blood vessels are rubber, you can handle it. An ability only usable by a rubber-human. You're surely pushing your body past its limit. Your body is hardly able to withstand it! You aren't very smart; You're shortening your life itself! It's better than having everything taken away from me! I'll do everything I can! You wish for too much! Did you feel the earlier explosion? That was most likely the marine headquarters battleships doing a warm-up attack. In mere minutes, a full attack will begin. Your nakama in the Tower of Justice will die. If, somehow, there were someone who were running through the underground tunnel to reach us Rankyaku! What? This seawater will flood the tunnel, and drown anyone who happens to be there. You Nothing will go well for you, Strawhat. Let's see how far you will go to achieve your silly hope of saving everyone and escaping safely. WHAT THE HELL'RE YOU DOING?! Man, they're persistant From the numbers, it seems to be a full unit. Hurry! Capture Nico Robin and get her on that ship! We're running out of time! The battleships are coming! We're too late What?! Through the fog! There's something there! Oi, you guys! Don't run! Wait! No Look at that! They're here! They're finally here! They're here! The attacks started! Run! Make it in time! We know! Begin the Buster Call! Our target: The pirate "Strawhat Luffy" and his crew; approximately 60 people! Furthermore, as agreed with Admiral Aokiji, The criminal Nico Robin, who is confirmed to be on the Bridge of Hesitation, is not to be targeted! There's no need to understand the situation! Destroy everything on the Island of Justice, Enies Lobby! All ships, get in formation! A fleet of battleships The Buster Call has begun! Hey, everyone! Spring's supposed to be a great time for love! Right, Oyabun? Oyabun: Boss Yeah! Next time on One Piece: The Criminal is Luffy Oyabun? Follow the Missing Giant Sakura I'm gonna be a detective!