FIRST ROUND! THE DONUT RACE Brothel. This time you ace really talked cock Luffy. All that one has to do is to gain. Hey! You forgot that. There register above the various participants and transmit to it to the manager play. But to the second turn, The participants registered above could not be modified. With what will have we right? There are race, sport and combat. Look at that… There is no limit of participants for the race. And the organization counts 500 members. Eh well! One all will take part in it. But according to the rules it is prohibited that one even nobody takes part in the three tests. Will Hey, what it occur if one loses? I am sure that they want the Ussop Captain. Not, they will want me me… Prettiest. Listen to all, one has just received the list of the participants of the two teams! I will announce them! First of all, Mugiwara TEAM! For the first test, Donut Race! All pirates of the crew straw hat decided to take part in it! Afflicted, jai caught again the disease of “I cannot take part in this race”. I do not want the knowledge! You buckle it and you cheeks! For the second test, Groggy Boxing ring! The participants are, Roronoa Zoro, Sanji and Tony Tony Chopper! Do not make the ball this time! Similar for you! I would make… of… my better! For the third test, Run Around With rollers! The participants are, Monkey D. Luffy, Nico Robin, Nami and Ussop! One needs 5 people. We miss somebody. Do not make any you, one will gain! A captain, a epeist, a navigatrice, a gunner of elite, a cook, a doctor and an archeologist. Let us see seeing which I want? It will be perhaps that one. It is him whom I want! Do not forget, to gain and it is the festival, lose and you are finished. Here pitiless Davy Back Fight! I present myself, I am the master of ceremony of Foxy Pirates which will comment on this competition! The first round will begin, Donut Race! One makes how much teams? If one takes into account the fact that they can have fruits of the demon… best would be 3 or 4 teams. In order to build your boat, one will provide you… If you use other materials, you risk the disqualification! Maintaining all depends on your skill to build a boat. Come to recover the barrels for the construction of your boat. You do not worry, all is free! With only 3 barrels… It is almost impossible of to build a boat for 3 people. Good, it would be time to choose the 3 foremen. IMBECILE! Why you peeled it without reflecting?! Look at well, I will build an exceptional boat. While you build your boat, I will explain you the rules of Donut Race. The race consists in making the turn island “Length Boxing ring Long Land”! Memorize well the layout which is likely to be enough coriace! If your boat runs, you are disqualified! Guns, guns, swords, all is allowed! If you find these rules unjust, then you do not deserve to be pirates! I finally finished. There is no limit of time! Are the preparations finished? I have just received the list! Do I have to announce most popular initially? First of all let us start with the favorite! Representing Foxy TEAM, our idol with all Porch-chan! Afflicted to have made you wait. It will be assisted of Kabouti man- thefish and of Cleaned the spangled shark, their boat is “Cutie Wagon”! It will be easy for you, one counts on you! Wait! It is a fish that! No rule prohibits to make use of a fish. The second favorite… “Arara Egaiaiai” The crew of the straw hat is made up of Nami the navigatrice, Ussop the tireur d'élite and Robin the archeologist! Their boat is “Barrel Wagon”! This russet-red is too sexy! I want the brown one in the crew! One does not want of the guy. At all. I see… Foxy pirates are very attached to the presence of sexy women in the crew. One will not run? I already said it… I am not a carpenter! Incredible, they dared to build that. It is not a boat this machine, it is right a tub. Ca is equal for me. You will continue like that to the finishing line? Ouais, I will continue to pedal until the arrival. it is a miracle which they manage to float. If nothing is done… one is likely to lose this race. The third is the “Harem No Tango”. It is a boat only made up of creatures of dream. The fourth is “Honey Krenge”, they have the super air justified! The fifth is “Ichigo Nigo” The sixth is the boat of festival is the “Oyakata”. Seventh is… The boat “Special Duku”. Objection! And our boat then? Ouais, ours too! Chopper and the epeist Zoro, “Torro Mana Go”. It is with the thirteenth position! Eh well, if it is the case. The next one on the list is the “Droove”! Does Ca want to say what “Droove”? Ca wants to say second on the basis of the end. Is their boat as null to shit as that? Coming from the East… The giant boat “Mother Ship”! Euh… It is not… … contrary with the rules? How does it make to advance? Excellent question. This boat does not move. But at least, the interior is reinforced! They is idiots. Is Euh… why so proud by saying that? This boat is a giant tank. It is of nothing contrary with the rules. Maintaining all the boats are joined together around the starting line. I will comment on top of my super sparrow of South Blue, Gigin! Hey! Porch-chan! Run these goods with nothing! Us?! It is necessary that we beat them as of the beginning! And we have the right to run our competitors. Oh not, listen to a little what they say. They are free to say what they want Porch-chan, in 5 minutes they will be at the ocean floor, not true Monda? I am very excited. You really think that one will succeed in finishing the race? Hey! Ussop! If something arrives at the two ladies, I burst you. One will gain it is sure and certain! Cretins. We never lost with the orthodoxe rules. You believe that they will hold how much time in the race, Hamburger? Not a long time. Now recover the eternal installations, not to lose you. To lose itself? Made attention not too move away you from the island. To move away from the island? Why that would be done? One will follow the coast. Ca is not likely to be also simple. Why? Look at well behind us, it there with enormous boat of the other imbeciles. One should deviate from the coast from the beginning. It does without something ladle Is Eh well everyone ready? READY! With what you do refer? Do not make any you, hey the guy! Upon the departure you of the coast draw aside! Hein? He said something? Why? Finally… DONUT RACE! Is necessary that one hurries! But why? Push, push, push. The true intention of this boat… … is to put full the mouth of it to you. It is what that? It is surely a trap How that? A trap? Nami! Do not do that! We are entitled finally to the technique special of “Mother Ship”! Afflicted, one will have to take the first place, do not run immediately. It is necessary that one moves away from there. You ace reason, I will get rid of all that! Calm yourself, Luffy… It is true that, stops! You risks of to create a gigantic explosion. But is necessary that one left from there… One has right need to move away them of our way, not true? Luffy, passes to me this oar. What do you intend to make, Zoro? Remain in withdrawal and looks at. They return towards us! Nami-san, Robin-chan, you move away! The wave comes right on you! ONE GOES SE WALNUT TREE!! CYB3RFR34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM It is brilliant! Good blood, with this pace the boat risks to finish in spare parts. One will run. It is what this brothel?! Pirates of the straw hat decided to counter-attack! It is not possible! Oh not, if they continue like that, one will not be able any more to catch up with them. Go Monda, one will owe them to show our true level. I count on you all. Ca was finally calmed. During the attack of vagueness, one an end of the boat lost. It was really brilliant. One again can surfer on this wave? Species of imbecile! If one starts again this time one really will run! With is the fact, where Nami-san? Welcome! Welcome! It is what? Hey the guy on the boat come, come by here. And here! sushi inari and udon kitsune free! Really?! Thank you!! I would like much to have a cook as sexy as you. He is too nice with his rolled up eyebrows. Perhaps that I should make me “Davy Backer”… Do the casualty, you have to surely appreciate the festivals? What a wounded?! Well, you are in full form so that I see. What would you say of an apple of love? It is what? They is good? Hey, one needs more than beer here! Wood as much as you want, does not hesitate! Thank you the guy. And here is the boat of the festivals, “Oyaku Harlem” The crew of the straw hat is K.O. They is too good! You hold super good alcohol! Your rolled up eyebrows are too cool. HEY!! Turn over to the race! I wonder whether it is very malignant of your share to occupy you of the others for the moment. You should first of all worry you about you. Kabouti, shows them your watery karate. An end of the boat was lost! Nami-san! Robin-chan! Luffy! Nami-san has problem, one goes there! Chopper, allons-y! Hein? Nami-san! Robin-chan! Drop this fat bag, join us! Go, the type with the rolled up eyebrows, return among us! I will undertake some. Take that. It is what?! Kabouti! Excel! Let us profit! Ussop is thrown to water and retain their boat. DO NOT SAY ANYTHING!!! Kabouti, Cleaned! You seize again! We at the head have race adorable “Cutie Wagon”. Follow-up of near by Barrel Tiger. And behind them one finds… A ghost, the “Kamikrengo”! Well, does one have to implement our plan, Hamburger? Why not. One starts the festivities, Oyabi? Nami-san, Robin-chan, I come to your rescue! I have just had a brilliant idea, Sanji, gives me that. it is fast! You see! Wait! Nami-san, Robin-chan! One could not go more quickly? Usually you run more quickly than that? Euh… Oh… I did not think that would be also hard. What? No the committee of reception? Afflicted. It is not in our manners. Ah? Then I will show you ours. Zoro! One nevertheless will transform you into dust. Chopper, change! “Torro Mana Go” and “Ichigo Nigo”… … are disqualified. Chopper! They were disqualified? We either one did not leave the inn. But tell me Ussop! You have only to use Daiiryu. Of course! if one uses the daiiryu like that… They are increasingly faster than us! Fleet surely infiltrated inside when one was in Navarone! You do not have a Jet Daiiryu? I do not touch with this kind of thing! And the Daiiryu Impact? I left it on the Merry Vogue… What there is?! You do not believe me?! Why I would lie me?! The life of one of my friends is concerned! I did not say anything. But, the true problem… is that if this race is lost… they will take to me in first… because of my beauty. One must avoid that at all costs! You have ideas, go oar. Robin, what you make, you read a book?! I row. Yes you oars, but they are right your hands, one with the impression which you do not make large thing. Ouais Robin is necessary to put to you at it more seriously. I do my better. It does not have the practice of this kind of thing. This rate/rhythm one can go directly on arrival… Or they are run? An easy victory is not a bad idea. But this woman humiliated me… I will not let myself walk above without stumbling… The race beats full sound! At the head of the race we have the “Cutie Coach " followed by “Barrel Tiger”… and in third position, “Kami Kure”. Hein? “Kami Kure” is not there any more? It is there! Shit. How this type made to run us so quickly? Which reversal of situation? “Kami Kure” is except race! How that occurred, it is…! Ohh! Ohh! Idles now. The changing is taken. How do they make to go so quickly? I cannot about it any more… They stopped. “niinii giri gee ahh” It was forgotten that the ocean drains its forces to him. is necessary to recover to row, or one will lose the head. I of insane of what it was, one will not lose vis-a-vis you. Shit, they still doubled us. They have surprised me one moment but they will not catch up with us any more. How? What do you say that? Super, Robin! Dirty cheaters! Release us! They already found. Kabouti? Salt plague! Luffy! You could remake it, would be this only one moment. I have well the impression that one will not be able to count on him for a small moment. It is necessary that the race is continued. If one does not stop discussing with them, one is likely to lose. You are right, one takes again the race. I believe that one should run them good once for all. I see that the difficulties arrive, there is first of all the long coral barrier. Followed the “Long one Wraps”… Where the swirl “Long Boxing ring resides”! How will they be left there? But what it is?! What? I see two silhouettes on the island! He, sitting there on Hamburger. What a plume! The génialissime! The pitiless one! Our démoniaque Oyabi. “Foxy the silver fox”! This type! I thought of something of very unpleasant.