Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Live according to your thoughts, Luffy. There are times when the era suddenly determines everything, so question the world! The day we meet will come. Speaking of the judiciary island Enies Lobby, After causing a disturbance at the entranceway of the World Government, Neither the marines nor the pirates will be able to remain silent. Right now, the Strawhat pirates' names are resounding throughout the whole world. Along with this poster. Sanji is the best! Isn't it amazing, customers?! What an unexpected thing to do. Oi, look! It's an article about Strawhat! It seems he took down the judiciary island. With this, his bounty will definitely rise! Enies Lobby is famous for having the sea train running all the way from Water Seven. It's not far from here. We might get the chance to meet him again. To be within our firing range How pitifulan unlucky bunch they are Let's go, Captain! Of course we're going! Well then, prepare to leave! Don't get delayed! Oi! Wait a minute, Teach. I've been looking for you. We go back three days before the bounties of the Strawhat crew surprised the whole world. An event occurred on a certain island This is the Grand Line, Banaro Island. The Most Evil Ability! Blackbeard's Darkness Attacks Ace Ace. Commander. Knock it off! Commander is a word only those respectful of that person are allowed to say. Stop mocking. So you're the famous Fire Fist Ace Yeah, that's right. Nice to meet you. It seems now you've become quite a Captain, right? Captain of the Blackbeard pirates, Marshall D. Teach. What's wrong, Ace?! It's been a long time! What's the matter? How did you know I was here? Teach, stop asking useless questions. You took a man's life. You must have a comprehension of the current situation. Isn't that right? Yeah, I know. Then, let me say just one thing. Ace, will you become my nakama?! Rule the world with me! I've already planned every single thing. Whitebeard's time is over already. It is I who'll become the Pirate King! First, I'll go to Water Seven from here to kill Strawhat Luffy and hand him over to the government. Luffy?! What did you say? You know him? I won't let you lay a finger on him. He's my little brother! And, of course I'm not gonna be your Nakama. Seems like we have a guy without manners here. Enkai Enkai = Blaze Commandment Hibashira Hibashira = Fire Pillar Auge, Burgess. You stay out of this! You're still no match for that man! Step back! Hiken Hiken = Fire Fist Captain! Captain! Captain. Shut up you guys! Stay back! I understand, Ace. You want to kill me, right? That's right, the murder of a nakama is a big crime. It's true I killed the 4th Division Commander Satchi! I had no choice! He had the Devil's Fruit I wanted. The ship's rule was that the guy who finds it has to eat it. I memorized every shape of the Devil's Fruit from a book, so I immediately knew that was the one I was looking for. I stayed all those decades on Whitebeard’s ship because I thought I would have a higher probability to run into that fruit. If I had run out of luck, I'd have given up on it, but That fruit came into my friend's possession! And after killing Satchiyou stole it. Well, it was just the spur of the moment. This ability has chosen me, Ace! With this, I have become the strongest man, Ace! Look! Even among the Logias it's unique! Ace, your body is fire, right? I am! Darkness! Look! It's that black smoke from before! Those pirates are still in town! They're still up to something! At this rate, the town will be destroyed! Don't get near them! Just run! Darkness? That's right, Commander Ace. I can't get killed by you! Out of all the Devil's Fruits recorded in history, the one with this power is known as the most evil of them all! The Logia-type, Yami Yami Fruit. Yami Yami Fruit = Darkness Darkness Fruit I've become a man of darkness! I'll give you a taste of its power right now! Do as you like. What're you doing?! Hurry up! The Captain is rampaging! Hurry up and take cover! Even we might get involved! Stand up! Something is crawling on the ground. It's that thing that comes out of his body. So scary! It's like a black hole on the ground! Looks like we could get sucked in! Hurry up and escape! Find shelter! Take refuge in the forest! Run to the coast! Darkness is gravity. The power to drag in everything! And to keep all light from escaping! Infinite gravity. Even so, it seems it's not reaching me. I'm not going after you yet Just stand there and take a look at the town. Black Hole The town isbeing swallowed into the ground! Why?! W-what's going on?! The gravity of darkness condenses every object with its infinite power. Crushing them! Am I dreaming? Our town has Vanished Right now I'll show you What became of it! Liberation The town has Turned into just a pile of wood. You get it now, Ace?! This is the power I've gained! Hotarubi Hotarubi = Firefly Fire Hidaruma Hidaruma = Blazing Doll Hot! I understand pretty well the greatness of the power of darkness. But, this is quite strange If you're a Logia type, you should be able to dodge an attack such as this. I already told you Darkness drags in everything. Bullets, blades, strikes, fire and even lightning. I can't dodge attacks like the rest of you do. My body absorbs much more pain than a normal human. But, in exchange for that risk there's one more thing I'm capable of absorbing! Kurouzu Kurouzu = Dark Whirlpool The gravity of darkness can accurately absorb the "entity" of the Devil's Fruit users! Gravity?! And so, my body can! How is it? Have you figured it out yet, Ace? It's been a while since someone has actually hit you, right? Ace. You understood the moment I grabbed you. The other thing my darkness can absorb is! The Devil's Fruit powers! In other words, by being touched, those with abilities of the Devil's Fruit are unable to use their ability for that time! Logia, Zoan, Paramecia. All those overconfident Devil's Fruit users in the world I've obtained the ability to expose their weakness! So it's fine if I don't get caught. I just proved to you that you can't get away from the gravity of darkness! Kurouzu Shinka Shiranui Shinka = Holy Flame, Shiranui = Unknown Fire Damn! A flame lance?! He almost broke my neck! Quite a troublesome ability he has. Juujika Juujika = Crossfire Another banana rock is being destroyed What's going on? This isn't a human's doing. Not only this town The whole island will get! I thought that Devil's Fruit users always relied too much on their abilities, And that if they happened to lose them, they would become rather fragile, but As expected of a Commander on Whitebeard's ship His basic combat abilities are also quite fearsome. Well then, today once again Fate has separated our ways. Everything is useless before darkness. Even that strength of yours. However, it would be a shame to waste that power. Ace! Be my nakama! If I surrender my power to you, then there was no point in me being a man. I definitely won't live with regrets. Got that, idiot? How long can you keep living like that in this world It's a shame, Ace. Die by the darkness! Dai Enkai Dai Enkai = Great Blaze Commandment Entei Entei = Flame Emperor The sun or the darkness. There can be only one winner! I'll make Whitebeard The King. The Grand Line Banaro Island duel The fight between those two pirates, Will be remembered as the trigger for a big event that has yet to come. Wait a minute! Today everyone heard about it. Next time at this same hour is the Kochikame Special. After that, comes a new adventure for One Piece! I can't wait! Well then, everyone, take care!