Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! The name of your father is Monkey D. Dragon. He's a revolutionary. Hey guys, why is everyone so Now, there is currently a power that is trying to directly oppose the World Government. That would be the Revolutionary Army. And the man at its center would be Dragon. I probably shouldn't have said all that. Forget all that! You're my grandson, so I'm not gonna capture you here. As for the Marines, I'll give 'em some excuse so don't worry. Instead of an excuse, let's just say they got away. Anyways, I'm more of an escort than anything. Take these two and have a good long chat. I'm going back. Okay, bye. That was too quick! Care more you fool! I'm your Grandpa you haven't seen in a long time! What do you mean? The only thing you've done is hit me! Even still, I wanna be loved by my Grandson you idiot! That selfishness is definitely a family trait. It's name is The New World! Further on in The Grand Line. But man, that's a pretty wild Grandpa he's got. That part about Dragon really surprised me. It seems there isn't a single average person in their family. He's out front talking with Coby. You alright with that? You're friends right? It's nostalgic but The one who saved Coby was Luffy. Nami is gone too, ever since she heard what the marines had to say Maybe she's being shy. She went to the pool with Kokoro-san. The pool? The Galley-La Company's employee pool, out back. Nami-san's swimsuit? I'll go take her something to drink! So, you guys went over that mountain to enter the Grand Line too right? "That" mountain? Uh, No. We didn't pass over Reverse Mountain. I read in the paper once that that mystery mountain was how ships like Grandpa's could get in. Ah, that was a lie. Oi, Coby! What're you telling him? It'll be alright since it's Luffy-san. What do you mean "It'll be ok"? He's a pirate! It's alright. Don't just talk to each other. Um, this is a secret, but at headquarters, they have ships that are able to move through the calm belt- Ah, that's unfair! Of course, they aren't 100% perfect though. But why!? There are Sea Kings there that are bigger than battleships! They really messed us up! The truth is, the undersides of the ship are covered in a rock known as sea-stone. So what about it? So you see, Sea-stone puts out the same kind of energy as the sea, So to all the fish in the ocean the ship seems- The sea's energy? So that's it! That way even if they move through the creatures' homes The Sea Kings won't even notice the ship's presence! That way even if they didn't take the entrance at Reverse Mountain, They could still enter the Grand Line at will. As expected of the Marine scientists. I got some good information. Nee-chan, Nee-chan! Aren't you gonna swim? Hey! Be quiet for a second Chimney! This is a rare chance Pirate Nee-chan's so selfish! I'm spying right now! Is that something you're supposed to yell? The person who's responsible for this ground-breaking research is most certainly the marine's scientist He's amazing. That's right, he really is amazing. Strawhat, that devil's fruit you ate, He's the one who identified what powers it contained. And he invented new technology that allows objects to "eat" devil's fruits. And that's just in the last few years! Hmm, he seems pretty amazing. The world is full of amazing people! If I hadn't met Luffy-san back then, I wonder what a small world I would live in. You made me aware of this sea. That day, if you hadn't of come bursting out from inside that barrel I would certainly still be stuck at work on Alvida's ship. Right, right! You were on Alvida's ship weren't you? And it was hilarious wasn't it? The reason why you were on the ship in the first place! What's that? I haven't heard this story. Well, that's um He was going out to fish, and boarded a pirate ship by mistake, right? What was that? What a klutz! Back then I didn't have any courage. I couldn't even get away. But, because I was on that ship I was able to meet Luffy-san. So it probably really wasn't a mistake. The reason I was traveling on that ship must have been to meet Luffy-san. So is that how it was? That's how it was. Somehow, you seem a bit older. I get told that every day But seriously, your Grandpa doesn't know how to hold back. Yea, that's true. But Vice-Admiral Garp is an amazing person! After that incident, he took us in when we had nowhere else to go. The reason we're training at the Marine Headquarters right now is thanks to Vice-Admiral Garp. The training is rough but.. It's tough but Still We're truly grateful. That's why we want to try and repay Vice-Admiral Garp by- No way. I wanna show him what it's like in our shoes. Oh, that sounds good you evil-idiot! What are you laughing at? Seeing Kokoro-san in that form I still can't get used to it. Pirate Nee-chan! Let's play volleyball! Are you really going back already? Eat with us! Eat! We're really enemies We can't act friendly together. Luffy-san! Do you know what this second half of The Grand Line is known as? Further beyond the Red Line, the sea becomes more vast. That final sea, people call it by one more name The New World. The New World. The sea where those who wish to usher in a new era gather! The man who controlled that sea was The Pirate King! Luffy-san! We will certainly meet again there! And next time I'll capture you! I'll become even stronger! One day, in the Marines I'll Become a Marine Admiral! S-sorry. Sorry, I just got carried away. I'm embarrassed, just saying I want to become that. I've just felt kind of inspired since we found you and- You're gonna fight me, right? Then you'll become that strong! T-that's an a-admiral you know? Next time we meet, we'll be even stronger. Even more amazing! Why? It's just a wavering dream I blurted out but Why is he able to believe me wholeheartedly? What's that? You still aren't cured of being a crybaby, Coby? That I was able to meet you two again today I'm truly grateful! It truly will be a challenge to go after these two! We're going to keep becoming even stronger! And in The New World we'll meet again! Let's go! Oh, Oi! You two'd better prepare yourselves! We've got the guts to surpass you! Oi! Hold it! Yosh! No one can stop us now! What're you saying? You're crazy! Luffy, you've made yourself another unbelieveable opponent, haven't you? Coby's a capable guy. I just knew that. I'm glad they were doing alright. But after Enies Lobby, who knows how the world might react? In any case, the Government's Judiciary Island was decimated. Though I didn't expect them to take out CP9. That's not gonna be found out, since CP9 is a secret organization after all. Even still, though they torched Enies Lobby with the Buster Call, Luffy and everyone are taking the blame. I used all of Enies Lobby's power I used all the power of a national-level Buster Call! Why the hell Can't I get A single woman From those worthless pirates?! Even if they were trying to uphold justice, nothing good can come of this. Shouldn't you just be happy that they managed to make it out? That's true. But seriously, just to recover one nakama To start a war with the government. Just how stupid are those guys? You're worried about them too Helmeppo-san. About Luffy-san. No, that's not what I meant. I don't, whoever they want to fi- HEY! WHAT ARE YOU TWO YAPPING ABOUT? You're a thousand years too early to hang around up here! You two, get yourselves together! Yessir! Nami-san! The Mizu-mizu meat is done! Mizu: Water Okay! Baa-chan's amazing! It sure smells good! Doesn't it? Now, say 'aaaah'. Delicious! Delicious! Mizu-mizu meat barbeque! Sogeking! When did you-! Yosh, eat as much as you like! Why are you crying? Shut up! The smoke just got in my eyes is all. How is it, Robin-chwan~? Different from the stocked foods isn't it? It's delicious. Oh, it's them! Strawhat-san! You finally woke up? Oh, the Franky family! Come and eat! It's a barbeque! My favorite! Oi, there's a ton of us, we need to get more meat! It's Sodom and Gomorrah! I'm starving. Me too. The giants! Strawhat! So you were awake?! It's the Galley-La Company! What are you doing at the pool Why you shameless girl! This is a pool Onii-san. Nmaa, something smells good. Iceburg-san! I absolutely can't let you see this, this woman's some kind of pervert! Wait a sec! We can't take a break when building a ship. That's right! So we're gonna take that moment right now! You're got room for me too right? Right? Right? We were waiting on you Aniki! Alright, let's start! Number One: Sogeking! I'll sing! Yosh! It's a party! Sogeki no shima de On the Island of Snipers, Umareta ore wa I was born. Hyaku patsu Hyaku chu Lu lu la la lu~ Here. Nezumi no medama mo From even a mouse's eye, Have some. Lock on! Omae no haato mo To your own heart, Alright, keep coming! LOCK ON! You guy, shut up! Sogeki no shima kara kita otoko The man that came from sniper island, Lu lu lu lu lu lu la la! This is delicious, isn't it?! Listen from there, Nico Robin. It can't be Aokiji? Why didn't you escape like always? You should have been able to escape from CP9 if you were alone. That's because this time was different. To just let them be killed, I couldn't do that. The giant that fought for Ohara twenty years ago, Jaguar D. Saul He was my close friend. Kuzan Can you take any pride in this bombardment? Can you still be proud after this? That day I respected his wishes, and spared your life. So, I feel I have a responsibility to watch how your life turns out. But after twenty years without a place of your own, I felt it was to risky to let such a dangerous bomb continue to roam freely. Truly, I felt that you finally had to die. This time, I wanted to finally finish off with what had happened at Ohara. Of course, there was no way I could have expected the CP9 to be defeated. Have you finally found your place? Yes. What Saul told you, whether it was wrong or right From here on, will you show me that answer? I intend to. In that case, live strong. Ohara is not yet forgotten. Aokiji! Oi, Robin! Look over here! Over here! Robin! How much meat can you eat? That's the greatest Luffy! Seriously, try and have some manners. You were just stuffing yourself a second ago. You wanna try? Like I would! Oi, over there. It's the pirates' party. Have you finally found your place? There's no such thing as being born into the world to be alone! You're right, Saul. Live together with them. Oi, Robin! Hey, over here. Maybe I should try too? Yeah, do it Robin! Stop please! Robin-chwan~! She hasn't done anything yet Pardon me, I was a bit threatening since this is an enemy ship. I have something I'd like to speak with you about, Whitebeard. The Commander of your Second Division, Ace. Next time on One Piece: Shanks Moves! The Link To An Era Running Wild. I'm gonna be the Pirate King!