Break far from this island! Dumb! They smashed me well. This dumb of man leopard! Now that it did that to me, It will pay it expensive to me! SHIT!! CONSPIRACY OF SPANDAM! THE DAY OR UMI RESSHA TREMBLES I see. This part in sorry state was the old one work place of the naval engineers, the general headquarter of Tom' S Workers. Naval engineers? Tom, Iceberg, Cutty Flam. Thus this place, expensive in your heart, is the place where you built all the three of the ships. In sometimes happening at the point to call that “a secret base”… it is very puerile of your share. Your mouths! You from here now bar! Only after having recovered it that we came to seek… Engineer Cutty Flam. The plans are not here! Well, precisely it is the kind of answer that I awaited your share. Hey! Kalifa! How is… what… I… will do?! Dumb! You do not hope to tell us the truth now. Moreover, there remains to us an asset in reserve. In connection with a history which goes back now to 8 years. Where it would seem that you have committed a crime… Just like Tom. Do not say anything! Tom-san is not a criminal. Do not speak thus whereas you know anything him, salts snotty-nosed kid! Tom-san… Afflicted. Silence! Since you are a criminal, you know very well what awaits you. Put yourself well that in cranium. Franky… No matter what I say, do not stop me! Dumbs, in connection with… Tom-san… and Seven Toilets, you do not know anything! - Seven Toilets, 8 years with paravant - They said that the Court of Assizes naval would come in 3 days. Therefore, they finally will deliberate with matter of the judgment of Tom. What will occur? All will be well. Surely. He held his promise after all. Yes. He will be necessary to transport the wood which has just been delivered to the docks. If not besides, how are held negotiations with Poplar Saint? Enough badly. They imposed their price to us. And it is the same with iron of San Faldo! Because of these prices, the treasury of shipyard will be in the red! The next time one will negotiate better than that! Everyone is enthusiastic to be able to cross the ocean… but they still have much evil to trade with the other islands. I wonder whether the city will manage to be raised. The men are full with resources! The results are seldom immediate, Iceberg. If a man made any possible sound, it must be about it to trust! Yes. Well the hello! Is this you it naval engineer, Mr. Tom? I sought you. I am sorry to importune you, I would like to speak to you about… Do not stop me, break you from here! Eh well, I would like to discuss a little with v… I am Spandam of Cipher pol. number 5… Spandam-san! Oh, sorry! I have well the impression to have amoché somebody by my small hello! And… here the triumphal return of Super Battle Franky 35! One succeeded in cutting down a monstre marin! Look at how it is enormous, it makes at least 100 meters length! Will this moron thus stop never? Super! Will this moron thus stop never? Dumb, stops that! Ahoberg! How much time will have I to say it to you?! Stop building warships! Reflected a little! If you do not get rid any, I will occupy myself some! You insane of me! It is my warship, there I will not let to you touch! Nmaa~ listenings, Franky! You killed a monstre marin with this machine, you realize how much it can be dangerous? I do not include/understand why you guards this kind of boats. You know very well that their goal is not not to attack men! These are not the intentions which worry me. But they are your weapons and you in be the person in charge, Bakanky! Tom-san, please, say to him something! Bakanky tarnishes the image of our company! Still with this nickname of Bakanky?! Wait a little! First of all make me excuses and then listen to what I have to say to you! You is government… it is in connection with the lawsuit? Hein? About what do speak you? Not… I do not know anything in connection with all that. Tom-san… What occurs with Tom-san? They want to only speak with only. He is in the warehouse with the type of the government. Span… thing. Spanda-trick. They do not come from the naval Court of Assizes… and they do not seem very gifted to communicate. Not, I do not know anything of it! I never had this kind of plan! Stop lying! I was polished with you but you refuse to cooperate! We sought in any Water Seven and we arrived to you! It is enough to seek a little by here and it quickly will be found made well done! You have the authorization to inquire and to excavate me? You do not believe so well to say, Tom! I made research and it proves that you are that which built the ship of Gold Roger. I have all the rights with respect to a criminal like you. But all that the government knows it for a long time. What!? It is impossible! Then why are to you there quietly to build boats instead of being in prison?! It is you which belong to the services of information, gets information all alone. Goodbye! Wait! I did not finish! You know who I am?! Ah yes, indeed… Tom held the promise which it had made at the naval Court of Assizes. The audience will take place in 3 days and its sentence will be surely cancelled. It is a great man, this Tom. It is a joke?! Gracier a person who made the crime to help Roger… Indeed, then this type of things exists? Yes, in this moment even, pirates seek to put the hand from these points of view. So by misfortune, they were to fall into other hands that those of the government, nothing could stop them. The great era of piracy saw it day now 10 years ago, and the pirates proliferate at sight of eye and do not cease gaining in power. We must make very quickly to prevent the alarm clock of these old weapons, for we who we claim justice, we must be reinforced! We must seize old arm and to put an end to this great era of piracy! Times change, it does not have no doubt there there above. First of all, seize this plan, we will discuss the remainder later. We entrust this mission to you, Spandam. Yes! Trust me. I trimé during years to arrive from there there, then I will not let pass this chance now! One goes there! Fact of shitting! It is necessary that this type is regarded as a criminal so that I can conclude my mission. Spandam-san! A payment of your sorrow?! It is what one will see. Hey, call 5 agents of the information in reinforcement! Spandam! CYB3RFR34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM Iceberg, Franky… Come by here both. I have a thing very important to entrust to you. This thing… really exists?! The hand of the man… can build this thing kind?! It is the worst monster of all the history naval construction. The government learned the existence of this plan and it started to react. It is too dangerous that I preserve it. They is alarming but I included/understood well… I undertake some! It is brilliant! Iceberg, let us try to build it! Imbecile! Reflected a little before speaking. I will occupy myself some. Such a thing should not exist. Ouai, it can destroy the world! But, you are free to do of them what you want. You in, in the worst case disencumber. Tom-san And there is also another thing which worries me. Hey, wait, Franky! Hein, what? Mets these pants! You ace not included/understood yet? If you go in bathing suit downtown it east normal to make you deal with pervert! Be to you shitting, I right outward journey will make races. Go, hurries. Whore! One must prepare a feast to celebrate his innocence, even if since the Tom-san beginning is not guilty. In their turn… Go Tom-san, Iceberg! Upright, it is today that the audience takes place. Hurry of going to make you judge. Quickly, let us go to the port! The judgment of Tom will be marked! This audience was very awaited. The public came in mass. One would say well. Did you see Umi Reisha? Yes. I am assembled on his board, it is formidable it made of its project a reality. Considering it honoured its promise by connecting the 4 islands, nobody will oppose my indulgence. Isn't Tom yet there? It is not yet the hour? You dispatch, if not there will not remain any more any place! Ouais, one must attend the cancellation of its sorrow! I so nostalgic, that am made already 14 years. It is what this explosion?! Dispatch you to evacuate the ship! Quickly! It is what that?! An attack of the pirates?! Shit, from which the attack comes?! By there! It is what these boats?! I never saw these boats, to what a pirate they belong?! It is a armada warships! You move away from the port! You, fuyer dispatch! Take refuge downtown! With the help, help me, my son is under the debris! Why? Who… makes use of my… boats? Tom-san, it is terrible! The boats of Franky attack the naval Court of Assizes! That cannot be Franky, it is downtown in this moment. I know well that it would never do that! It is for that it is terrible! One will stop them, Iceberg! Yes. Pirates or the government?! Quickly! Hide downtown! You move away from the port! Father is still in the ship! Fact of shitting, I will never forgive them! Brothel! Who dared to make use of my boats?! Your honor, quickly, the ship does not have any more as a a long time! Who are they? Which is this flag? The attack on the naval Court of Assizes is completed. It is well, now pass at the second part of the plan. This sacrifice must be made for justice. Yes. Now, let us leave room to the lawsuit… Tom' S workers. The naval Court of Assizes ran. Well, let us turn over to the discharge. Of agreement. They make half-turn! Wait a little, I already saw these boats! Tom-san, the boats return by here! They are close to the coast, one can catch them! They have foutu one crowned brothel! There are two people who come from the discharge! It is Tom. Well, leave the boats. How that?! There is nobody here. It is similar here also, it does not have nobody there. Nmaa what that means?! Still of Battle Franky? Iceberg, Attention! Shit, my Battle Franky are destroyed! Iceberg, Tom-san! Hey, you two! What occurred? It is what all that? You are well? Hein? Iceb… Idiot! This spy of the government which fouinait… used your boats against us! These are the boats which did that to you? I said it to you. I do not know how much time, I do not understand that you can to keep this kind of boats! They are your weapons and you of it are the person in charge, Bakanky! My boats did that in Tom-san. Listen, our capacities enable us to create terrible weapons in this world and even if we do not want it… a weapon can be used to wound no matter whom… even the people who are expensive to us. The government handled us… they will make us carry responsibility for this attack. They want the plan then… they go to treat Tom-san like a criminal. With all that! Can one still protest his innocence?! So because of that Tom-san is made stop… I WILL NEVER FORGIVE IT TO YOU! FRANKY!