Wealth, Fame, Power. The man who had acquired everything in this world, the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The final words that were said at his execution sent people to the seas. My wealth and treasures? If you want it, I'll let you have it. Look for it, I left it all in that place. Men now, chasing their dreams, head towards the Grand Line. The world enters the Great Age of Pirates! They passed through the Aqua Laguna to come here. If you think about it, it's amazing. Seems like they're quite lucky. This time we have permission to kill. This is gonna be easy if we don't have to hold back. The drawbridge? Yeah. The Franky Family is fighting for it at the moment. Once they lower it, we'll be able to get to the other side. Really She's just in front of our eyes, too. I'm CP9. I thought I had thrown everything away. I didn't want you all to come. Why did you follow me? Everything Is For A Nakama! Robin In The Dark! What I have to say is about Nico Robin. Do you know something? Did she act differently after you came to this town? Yes, all of a sudden. After she went into town, she disappeared. Then this morning, she became the culprit of your assassination attempt. When our nakama finally found Robin Well, she said she wasn't coming back to us. We had no idea what was going on. So tonight, we were going to ask her again in person why she was leaving the ship. That's why we came here tonight. It's to make my wish come true. A dream that could never be fulfilled while I'm with you. What's this dream that won't come true if she's with us? Let me tell you what I know. It's probably when you first lost sight of her. I'm CP9. The government's plans were already in motion. Of course, there's a reason behind that woman's actions. But before I tell you that Keep in mind that Nico Robin and I have the ability to revive the ultimate weapon and destroy the world! The world? That's right. There's been an obstacle in our plans. Everyone gather in the main bedroom at once. Don't shoot Iceberg yet. Do you understand, Nico Robin? The blueprints you're all after are fake. Even if I'm killed, I will never let the government have the blueprints. But on the other hand, if you intend to decrypt the Poneglyph and help the government Then I have to stop you right here! I'm not after the Poneglyph to revive the weapon. I just I want to know history. That excuse doesn't mean anything! I've always said this Again and again Even if it's not your intention, a lethal weapon will hurt people. Even a person that means everything to you! There's no good or bad when it comes to hurting someone. If your desire to know history will result in ending the world You need to die here and now, Nico Robin! Do you still wanna chase after history, even after the demonic destiny of Ohara? What the hell do you know about Ohara?! The World Government You have no idea how much my life's been screwed up by their hands! If you really hate that government so much Why do you side with them?! Even if I have to throw away everything, there's a dream I want to fulfill. There are two conditions that CP9 pressed on me in this town. The first of which, was to lay the blame of your assassination on the Straw Hat crew. The other, was to turn myself over to the government afterwards and to obey them. If that happens, you'll die. How can a woman, that ran for twenty years, accept those terms? CP9 have been They've been granted permission to use a Buster Call against the Straw Hat crew, just this once. Buster Call? An emergency command that dispatches five Lieutenant Generals from the Marine Headquarters, along with ten warships. If they were to face the government's force of war There would be nothing left Normally, in the Marines, there are only three Admirals, and the top of the Marines, the Fleet Admiral, who are granted this authority. But this time, the CP9 have They've been granted permission, just this once, by Admiral Aokiji. If I don't accept their terms, then they'll initiate the Buster Call against us. When I heard Aokiji's name, I gave in. For the past twenty years I was able to escape any situation, because I didn't have anything to protect. By deceiving people and using them as shields. But now, I really can't do that anymore. The life I once threw away The heart I had lost My dream that once ended They were all saved! I now have nakama that believe in someone like me. Then, your wish is Excluding myself, to have all six of the Straw Hat crew safely leave this island. For that reason, you don't care that you'll resurrect a lethal weapon that could destroy the world?! I don't care! LUFFY!! What are you doing there?! Na-Nami! Are you behind me?! Hey! Oi! Listen here! Geez, when that pigeon guy blasted me away, I flew right in between these walls and got myself stuck! Stop fooling around!! At a time like this, while you were horsing around, Robin got taken away!! Robin is intending to die for us!! By sacrificing herself, Robin saved us from an attack by the government! She knows that if she's taken away, she'll be executed! So, Robin really was She was lying to us. That's great. It's here! It's so cool! Amazing! Just to let ya know, it's not in the greatest shape. This thing's name is Rocketman. It's definitely not meant for carrying passengers. Shall we go then?! Departing from Water 7! Heading to Enies Lobby, sea train Rocketman! Yosh! Take off! Here we go! To get everything back!! Woah! It's amazing! If I so wished, the authority to overcome all the power in the world is now in my control! Why did Aokiji grant you the power to use the Buster Call? Don't you dare question me! You insolent bitch! If it wasn't for me, the value of your existence would have been nothing! You should be thanking me! The disgusting blood from the demon's land of Ohara Nico Robin. Hurry!! Run for the emergency shelter! Extinguish the fire!! Protect the books! Ohara didn't want to expose history They wanted to accept the voices of the past and protect them! No! I want to stay here too! Mom! Mom!! LIVE, ROBIN!! Listen well, Robin! You might be alone at the moment. But someday, you'll definitely find nakama! Nakama? Yeah. The sea is vast. Someday, without any doubt, nakama who will protect you will appear! Monster! Monster! She was abandoned by her mom! There's no way that anyone in this world is ever alone! Someday you'll understand. It seems she's a survivor of the famous Ohara criminals, who were scheming to destroy the world. Don't let her escape! Alright, give me my money! I turned her in, didn't I? Your sin is the fact that you're alive! Go meet your nakama that are waiting for you somewhere out at sea! Robin! Sogeking. Make that flag burst into flames. Roger that. My new weapon, the Giant Pachinko. The name is Kabuto! Behold the power of this weapon! Hisatsu! Fire Bird Star! They didn't Done. Are you out of your mind?! Don't think you'll be able to survive having the world as your enemy! THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT WE'RE ASKING FOR!! Robin! I still haven't heard it from your mouth! SAY YOU WANT TO LIVE!! To live You aren't supposed to live in this world, Robin! Your existence itself is an unforgivable sin! Robin! I thought wishing for it was forbidden No one ever allowed me that The sea is vast. Someday, without any doubt, nakama who will protect you will appear. If If I'm allowed to declare my wish Then I I WANT TO LIVE!! TAKE ME OUT TO THE SEA WITH YOU!! Let's go! Oi, Nico Robin! We have the assassination group, CP9! Cutty Flam! HERE WE GO!! Robin, sorry we made you wait! We're on our way! Th-The pirates are coming over here! Hurry and get to the Gates of Justice! Franky?! Cutty Flam! What you're holding isn't Th-Those blueprints! Give them to me! Next time, One Piece: I'm Not Giving You The Blueprints! Franky's Decision. I'm gonna be the Pirate King!