Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Zoro, Sanji. We're in big trouble! Your grandpa came back, Luffy! He’s at the opposite coast looking for us and making arrangements to attack! Eh?! Why?! He had decided not to capture us?! How should we know?! Hurry up and prepare to leave! Well then, get on, Franky. On my ship. Stop talking so cocky! The only repairs you amateurs are capable of, are cheap ones. If there isn't one shipwright on this splendid ship I would pity the ship. It can't be helped. I'll give you a hand! Your ship's shipwright Will be the great Franky! Departing the Water Metropolis! Distinction of the Manly Usopp's Duel Vice-admiral Garp! We've found the Strawhat crew's location! They're at the southeast coast! Currently, they're on the scrap island making arrangements to depart! We'll go after them immediately! Everyone get on the ship! Yes! Vice-Admiral Garp, this is quite embarrasing after having had such an emotive farewell with Luffy-san and the others. If you've any complaints, tell them to Sengoku! He's the one who sent us here after getting angry! He's so full of himself You were the one who said "Because he's my grandson" in the Den-Den Mushi after all. You keep your mouth shut! Amateur. A-Admiral, is it really okay for you to stay like this? It's troublesome to go back on my bike Well, I'll just keep my hands off this. I don't think that's a good idea since the enemy is right in front of you. We're off! Aniki! Aniki! Aniki! The Franky Family is immortal! The Strawhats are also the same! Hey! Luffy! Luffy! Are you really sure of this, Strawhat? We're still waiting for one more person. I've waited Ever since I heard everything about it from Sanji in that Galley-la room. Usopp is coming back?! Yeah. He was at the coast practicing. Really?! So, that's how it is. Then, I'm going to get him back right away! You really seem unaffected. Usopp is coming back! Wait up you guys! I won't forgive anyone who tries to bring him back here. Why?! No matter what happens, it isn't you who should behave modestly, Luffy. I won't accept him until he comes and begs. Zoro! What are you up to?! Hey! Why're you being so Shut up! No matter how Luffy and Usopp felt when they started to quarrel No matter who was right! After demanding a man to man duel, You gotta devote yourself to the outcome of the battle! It is true that the ship belongs to the captain. That's why I'll fight. If I win I'll take Merry with me. Monkey D. Luffy! Fight me! And, after losing, He left on his own accord. Listen everyone! Even though he's an idiot, he has the title of Captain. The crew would be better without someone who doesn't show respect for this guy. A crew that loses the respect for their captain, is sure to collapse. Listen! You can act easy going as you usually do but, If even for an instant, the guy who is my leader let others step over him, Next time, it is me who will leave this crew. Eh?! That won't settle down this conversation! If that idiot wants to come back, it's fine. However, if he doesn't make a distinction of the current matters, And is acting for self-interest, Then I definitely won't forgive him! If so, it's better for you to leave Usopp on this island! Wait up, Zoro. It is true that he made some mistakes but, If you just tell him what you just said when he gets back Is leaving the crew such an easy thing to do?! No But Nami-san. It is unfortunate but, Just for this time, what he's saying is right. We also can't keep trusting a guy who started such a thing on a whim. It's simple If Usopp's first thing to say is a deep apology, fine. If it isn't Then, there's no place for him to go back to. What we're doing isn't a childish pirates game! You can do as you like with Merry. We'll get a new ship, And we'll sail the further seas! See ya, Usopp. I've had fun until now. You're right We separated once. There are still many days left until the ship is ready. We'll wait for him quietly. We waited for him the entire time in that place, but he didn't come. This is the answer. Strawhat. I think he also will be pleased with this. It's not like he quit being a pirate, so we might run into him on the coming seas. Yosh! I'm going back to my nakama! The ship must be complete already. Everyone must be waiting for me! All what's left is to go back to the crew in the most natural way. What, after all they're my pals. I have 100 pattern strategies after all. As expected this is the best one I have for my "first thing to say" speech. Since you're all crying out and begging, I'll be glad to come back as Vice-Captain! Thank you, Vice-Captain Usopp! Anything you say are words that pleases me to come back! As expected of me! Truly a man who can raise the ones who are down! Everyone's love for me will increase more and more after this adversity! We'll live happily! Yosh! Hurry up! This is a sad farewell! Water Metropolis Water Seven! Usopp. Luffy, let's wait a little longer. We're in no rush for departing! Hey, Luffy! Damn it! The marines already found us! Grandpa?! It's Vice-Admiral Garp's warship! Aniki! Don't look back, escape! Oi Luffy! Can you hear me?! Grandpa here! Grandpa here! Answer if you can hear me! Oi, Grandpa! What's wrong with you?! Didn't you say you weren't going to capture us here?! Well, a lot of things happened! I'm sorry but you're gonna die in this sea! There's no apology I can give you but, I'll take care of you by myself! Gimme the cannonball. Y-yes. What's he trying to do? Meteor Fist H-He just shot a cannonball at us with his bare hands! That flew much faster than with a normal cannon! As if it were a baseball pitch! My power has decreased lately. We have no choice! We'll have to escape! The new ship might get blown up! Bring 1000 more cannonballs! Yes! This is bad! This time many more are coming! The Meteor Fist Swarm?! Yeah. There's no ship that can withstand that when he uses it! Well then, shall we begin, kiddies. Don't think you can get away from me! Prepare yourselves! Full speed ahead! We'll smash those cannonballs! Damn it! Is he really not coming?! What is he doing? He's here! Usopp came! Oi, everyone! Usopp came! Really? Yeah! Move! Move! Please move! Move a little please! Oi, Nose-niichan! What're you doing here?! What's going on?! The marines haven't come, so why's the ship leaving?! I was pretty sure you were on it! What're you guys doing?! The great me is still here! Why? Why? Why?! Even after the quarrel I was fighting alongside you all the time! Sogeking. Shoot down that flag. Roger. My new weapon, The Great Pachinko, Pachinko = Slingshot Behold its great power! Hissatsu Firebird Star That's You're a katana! Please call my lawyer! There's no way you have forgotten That king of snipers under all those activities, Sogeking, is me! Did you forget about me just because I changed my appearance?! Wait! Oi! The stairs are broken, be careful! What's wrong? Oi guys! Be at ease, I'm coming back right away! You idiot! Stop! Gomu Gomu no Fuusen Usopp came Luffy! Usopp is here! Protect the ship! Oi! Be happy, it's me! Chopper, we're having nice weather today. Let's go fishing! I guess that's out of the question. By the way, I have some good news! When I get back I'm willing to take the position of Vice-Captain! How is that? Oi! Oi! Luffy! Everyone! I understand! You're so happy that you can't stop crying, right?! That's it, right?! Luffy. I must not stay with you, I brought you nothing but trouble after all. You guys, don't tell me you actually believed that joke back then?! We've known each other for a long time now. There's no way I can be serious about such a thing! We argued quite a lot, but we're still nakama! Let's leave the past behind! Oi! Say something! Stop messing around everyone! Luffy, Usopp is calling for us! I don't hear him. Zoro! I can't hear anything! Liar! You can hear him! Stop joking. What's going on Do you really mean to leave without me? I seeit's enough. Listen, Luffy! Not everyone can keep living as carefree as you do! I can't sail further seas leaving behind a wounded nakama! It's okay if you wanna keep going and discard useless nakama I've been thinking about this for some time. To be honest, There's no hope for me to catch up with that monstrous strength of yours You don't need weak nakama, right? Luffy. You're the man who is gonna be the Pirate King. I don't need to go as far as that "top". If I think about it, when I decided to go out to sea, You guys invited me to get on the ship. That's our only bond. I can't keep sailing with you if our opinions are different. If that's how you want it, I have only one more thing to tell you Wherever I'm headed from now on, Is none of your business. I'm leaving this crew! I'M SORRY! I'm sorry for my stubbornness! I was wrong! Usopp! Even though I was stubborn until now! Even though I said I was leaving the crew! I want to change all that, but I can't! I can't, so I beg of you! Please take me back with you guys! Just one more time! Let me be your nakama! Luffy YOU IDIOT! Hurry up and grab on! You're the idiot! You two guys are pitiful. We are finally complete! Let's hurry up and get outta this bombardment to go for more adventures, men! Hey Chopper, we got bounties after all But I gotta do something about it! Fif! Fifty?! Nojiko, Gen-san and Everyone in Cocoyashi village what will they think when they see this? Next Time on One Piece: The World Wide Bounties! The Hometowns Dance as the Ship Sails Forward! I'm gonna be the Pirate King! Looking forward to next time.