Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! I'm sorry I wanted to bring everyone just a little farther. I'm sorry. I wanted to always go on adventures together. MERRY! But I If someone's gotta apologize, it's us, Merry! I'm bad at steering, So I ran you into icebergs! I ruined your sail too. Zoro and Sanji are idiots, so they broke lots of things! And Usopp tried to fix them, but he wasn't any good at it! If someone's gotta apologize But I was happy. You always treated me well Thank you. I Was always so happy! All because of you! MERRY! Two Days After the Incident. A Disturbed Rest! Marine Vice-Admiral With The Fist of Love. Water 7, Blue Station, Blue Station Hurry up! Please make sure you have all your belongings. Forget the money. Just take it with you! That's what I've decided! This sucks How's it over there? Still pretty messed up. But man this year's Aqua Laguna was powerful. It doesn't seem like we'll be able to repair this ourselves T-that's Paulie from Dock 1. What's he doing here in the back streets? Paulie-san! Move! Get outta here, you're in the way! I'll leave this area to you, Dock 3. Alright! Dock 5, you take the area starting from the house next to the old rail line. Yeah! We still have our jobs to do, so I want this town fully repaired in one month! Yeah! At any rate! Got it! Amazing! They're so dependable. That's the Galley-La Company for you! North Coast: Franky House Ruins. Whew rebuilding just seems harder and harder. Cause we're used to breaking things down right? Camping again huh? Yosh, yosh. Sodom, and you too Gomorah, You guys rest up for now. The Reindeer said that Gomorah's eyesight should return if he lets them rest. Really? That's great. Oi, you guys. Can you give me a hand? I need to carry this baggage to the station. Baggage? Could that be? Yeah, that stuff. Seems like it's arrived. The Shipyard: Dock 1. Let us meet the Pirates! We want to apologize for accusing them of the assassination! No way, the Pirates aren't meeting anyone. At least let us thank whoever it was who saved Iceberg-san's life! Water 7 News! Can we get a comment from the heroes who saved the mayor? Give it up, it's impossible right now. Then a picture at least! I told you no! If you need a replacement secretary for Kalifa, let me do it! I'll help with anything! Let us meet the pirates! No! No! No! Amazing! What inhuman strength! Is this alright? Yeah, thank you! What else would you expect from a giant?! If it's stuff like this then ask us anytime! You guys really are amazing. Oh yea, Sniper King? Are you alright here? We were thinking If our bosses' fight isn't over, then there's no way we can go to that island. We'll help this island out a bit, and then take our time and return to Elbaf. If you want to, we'll take you along with us. I Where I go is my business. I quit this crew! Duel me! I Galley-La Company's Main Office. The Remains of Iceberg's House. Temporary Headquarters. Ah, so you burned the blueprints It's better that way. You've gained the World Government's resentment as well. Yeah, I guess. So, what have you been drawing all this time? This time when Aqua Laguna came The ground was quaking with anxiety That the day when this entire island will be swallowed into the sea is nearby. Well, if they keep coming like this, then I guess this island would sink as well. So, what'll you do? I'm going to float this island on the sea. What!? Make Water Seven a ship?! C-can that even be done?! Did you forget? The back of the man who could make the impossible possible. We were always watching him. If you're a man Do it with a "Don". If you're a man, then do with a "Don", huh? That's how he was. No mistake. Hello? Ah, is that you, Aniki? Oh Zanbai, what's up? Let me tell you. It finally came. We're where it arrived off the sea train. Your 200 million beri item. Finally it's here Temporary Headquarters. Special Pirates' Room, Including Kitchen, Bath and Toilet. I'm comin' in guys. Oh, Kokoro-baasan. Yo, comin' in! And you guys too. You, just wait outside. It seems you all finally woke up. To sleep for two days, you must have been really worn out. I guess that's expected. Oh, the Pirate King sure seems to be feeling good. Oh? You're mistaken. About what? After the fight he collapsed, but he was still dying to eat. He seems to have invented a technique to eat while sleeping. He's sleeping?! Amazing, Pirate-niichan! He's a pretty skilled guy. Oh yea, the Log Pose should be set again after 2 or 3 days! What happened here?! Even if the Log is set, we can't move forward anymore The 100 Million Beri we worked so hard for to buy us a new ship Our clothes our furniture Bellemere-san's orange trees all of it Aqua Laguna carried it all away We can't go anywhere anymore Gloomy We left all of it at the inn in the back streets. Ah, so that's what the visitors out front are for. Visitors? The truth is we My Orange Trees! I thought they'd never come back! Thank goodness! Actually, while we thought you were responsible for Iceburg's assassination, Your stuff crossed our minds, so we seized it all. Sorry about that. It's alright! Thank you! Well, that's good. Oi, we're coming in. We're back. Oh, Chopper. And Robin-chwan~! That was heavy wasn't it. Now please, right this way I went and checked on the Franky Family's wounds- And I didn't let Robin out of my sight! Good work! I already told you I'm not going anywhere. Promise? Promise. Look you two, my orange trees were okay. All our money and stuff is back! Really? Now we can continue our voyage! Yay! That's great! Feeling super you guys?! Everybody Not everybody is around Well, whatever Franky, what are you up to all of a sudden? Listen! I have something important to tell you. There's an island, constantly at war What's this out of nowhere? You just come in and start talking, if it's not an apology then we're not listening. Shut up! Be quiet and listen. Since the war started, if a person were to try living on that island under that rain of shells. The people would die, the town would die. They'd be cremated with their ruins. There was something still standing, a sturdy tree. No matter what happened, it wouldn't fall. People gathered near the tree and built a city and a country. There are only a few in the world. The name of that strongest tree is The Treasure Wood "Adam". A tree? A tree? So what? In our routes, having even a piece of that tree show up is extremely rare. I wanted it but It's an item that costs 200 million. I couldn't touch it. And what appeared before me but a group of pirates carrying a ton of money, you guys. Why you! You used our money to buy something like that, didn't you?! Just let me finish! A long time ago, I decided I would never build a ship again. But before long, to catch up to a man I admired, and to reach my own goal, I drew up the blueprints for a ship My dream is to use that treasure wood and just one last time Make a ship, able to sail any sea. I'm going to make a Dream Ship. I already have the wood, and the blueprints. With this I can make it. So, when it's done. Would you all sail in the ship I created?! Then? So, you mean you'll give us that ship!? Yeah. If people who I like are sailing it. That's what will make me happiest. It's something I was only able to make because of your "investment" after all. The only ship on this sea that ever sailed around the world, Gold Roger's Oro Jackson, was made from this wood. I'll definitely Show you an amazing ship. Can't be helped, you and Tom-san are the same after all. Just like a carpenter That's true, now Now I can understand how Tom-san felt when he died with his pride. You're really a good guy! We'll take it! Thank you Franky! Onto the next island! Luffy! We've got a ship! This is bad, we were found out this quickly, and Luffy's still sleeping! I have to let them know fast! The sea? Crap, was it the other direction? What!? The sea again? What's wrong with this island? It's them they're here to capture the pirates. Even though they're the heroes who saved Iceburg's life. Oi, look over there! That's Vice-Admiral Garp's warship from Headquarters. Did you say Garp? Isn't he the legendary marine who cornered Gold Roger countless times? Why is such an amazing marine This is bad for the pirates. Stop messing with me. How am I here again Dammit, I said I had to tell them quickly! What's this? Looks like we have an idiot over here. Should we do it then? Hey Ossan, you don't look too familiar. Show us your face. W-wait a second officers. There's no one but our president back- Stop blathering, there should be pirates back here. We said there aren't! W-Wait you can't! Wait, over there the Strawh- Idiot! You two, wait here. Yessir! What the? Who is it? Are you the Strawhat Pirates? There're some men here who want to meet Monkey D. Luffy. Marines. Really just as careless as always. What?! Dammit! WAKE UP! Its hurts! It hurts! Hurts? What are you saying? That was a punch. For it to hurt a rubber man- There's no defense against a fist of love. I heard you've been acting pretty recklessly Luffy. G- G- G- Grandpa?! A Marine Vice-Admiral is?! Grandpa?! Wait a second? Luffy's grandpa is a Marine Hero? Sanji, Luffy's in danger! What's going on with these guys? Next time on One Piece: The Ultimate Lineage? Luffy's Father Revealed! I'm gonna be the pirate king!