Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Thank you, Merry We got away because of you. I never thought that Merry would come to save us. But now that I think about it, we've always been protected by you. I'm so glad you're our nakama. Thanks, Merry. But you know You guys did some pretty unbelievable things. You burnt down the World Government's flag What? It's nothing special We were just getting back our nakama who was taken from us. Thank You, Merry! The Snow on the Sea of Farewells Oi! Oi oi oi! Usopp! Where are you, Usopp? Oi! Usopp! Huh? He's not here? Usopp! Usopp! USOPP! Where are you, Usopp? Hey, they're calling you. N-no, I can't If they know it's me Come out already! If you don't come out, I'll kick your ass! Kick your ass! Oi, do you know where Usopp is, Sogeking? He disappeared! P-Please relax. He already went on ahead in a smaller ship. Why? This is his ship, after all How the hell don't they recognize Usopp? Not here either What's going on? There really is no one here. That's weird Who could have been on board? I really did hear someone calling us then Is that so? Yes. We definitely were being called. It's just like I said! That was Merry's voice! Hey, Merry, say something! Idiot, ships can't talk. I was thinking the same thing But it's impossible. That's just I don't know what it was But I kept remembering these words. Maybe he said them, Or maybe it was my imagination, but It's okay. I'll carry you all a little longer! I'm not really sure about it, But that That was Merry's spirit That's what I think You probably think I'm crazy. It's fine if you don't wanna believe me. It doesn't matter if I believe you or not But I'm guessing it looked like a sailor, carrying a mallet? How?! You know about it? That, oniichan Was a Klabautermann. K-Klabau Klabautermann. It's a legend told by sailors. A beloved ship wants to thank those that ride it. This ship probably wanted to be with you guys for even longer. It wanted to be with you so much that it took on a human form. It must've been pretty happy. I see Then The one that talked to me back then That was you, Merry? There's a ship coming this way! What, who is it? It's the Strawhats! They're alive! You guys are okay! It's a Galley-La Company ship! Wow! I can't believe it, after they went out in Aqua Laguna! They made it out of Enies Lobby, too! Oi! Ice-ossan! Bakaburg Nico Robin. They're unbelievable. Going against the World Government Oi! Oi! Oi! They really did get everything back. Merry! Their ship Oi, what is it? What's going on all of a sudden? It's not all of a sudden. This is what was going to happen. They said that Merry wasn't going to be able to sail again. But Merry is Ossan, this is bad! Merry's in trouble! Do something! You're just in time! You're all shipwrights, right? Please! Do something! He's our nakama who's been on all our journeys! And he just saved us! So please, ossan! It's time To let it go. I've already done all I can. What's this sound? Is someone on the scrap island? This is the Strawhat's ship? It was done in by Aqua Laguna It's in horrible shape. No, this is from before that. I want to sail What? Just one more time I want to sail! What am I doing? This ship is hopeless Iceburg-san! What are you doing over there? Another huge wave is coming! Thank you. Ready a ship? The sea's still horribly stormy! Then I'll go alone. No! We can't let you go alone! Right now I'm witnessing a miracle. A ship that's pushing far past its own limits I've been a shipwright for many years, But I've never seen such an amazing ship. It's a magnificent thing. Let's go, everyone! Back to the sea of adventure! Merry! I came to get you! I understand. So, is everyone ready? Merry. The seafloor's dark and lonely, So we'll see you off. It's probably best that Usopp's not here. He wouldn't have been able to handle this. What do you think? That's not true Farewells always have to come. He has no more tears. He's already prepared for this. Letting us ride for such a long time Thank you, Merry. Snow? A caravel! Every day until the sun set, Mainichi hi ga shizumu made We got ourselves dirty with mud. Dorama mire ni nari-nagara With this, the pirate ship Going Merry is complete! Those days that we wasted so foolishly, Mujaki ni sugoshita hibi mo Let's have a toast to our new ship and our new nakama! Are hard to throw away. Sute-gatai keredo I'm a dreamer, Yume miru boku ga itemo But that's just how I am. Sore wa sore de boku dakara Look, you did a lot of damage to Merry! Everyone has to help to manage a ship! It's alright if you don't Jigusoo pazuru mitai ni Remember that! S-Sorry Want to be broken like a jigsaw puzzle. Hamatte nakute ii Oi, what're you up to? I'm practicing with the cannon! To you, when someone says "yes", Dareka no "yes" ga kimi ni totte But it won't go right I told you to let me do it! It's the same as if they said "no". "No" de aru no to onaji you ni Awesome! We thought we would always be free Itsudatte jiyuu na hazu dakara You hit it in one shot! I hit it! In one shot! When the wind blows through tomorrow, Ashita kaze ga toori-nuketa toki ni Even if the puzzle is broken, Pazuru ga kaketeita to shitemo Nobody will blame us. Daremo sore o semetari shinai yo Hey, Zoro! That's MY seat! After that light is the entrance to the Grand Line. I'll find All Blue. That day, we believed Ano hi, yume mita bokura wa I'll be the pirate king! That our dreams weren't wrong. Machigai janai to shinjite I'll be the best swordsman. I'll make a map of the world. We just went across Araku uneru unabara o A-and I'll be a brave man of the sea! The rough seas. Watatte yukeru I always knew about Kimi no mune no itami datte To the Grand Line! The pain you carried in your heart Bokura wa shitteiru kara Even if you leave this ship, Moshimo kimi ga kono fune o orite The Grand Line's entrance is a mountain. And end up in a different world, Chigau sekai ni ita toshitemo A mountain? We'll be able to smile in the end. Saigo ni wa kitto waraeru yo We're in! This is the greatest ocean in the world! Go! We made it! We can't turn back! Just go straight ahead! Let me be your nakama. I don't have anywhere to go, or to return. So let me be on your ship. Oh, that's it? Then there's no other choice. Okay, then. Even now, Ima demo bokura wa Luffy! Mellorine! Who's this ship's navigator? We continue dreaming. Yume o miteiru yo We're flying! Cool! The ship's flying through the air! Continue riding on those Dakusareta sono omoi mo It's a sky-island! Embraced dreams Nosete We'll fight the rought seas today, Areta kono unabara o Even with our pain, Itami to tatakatte kyou mo yuku So that our promises don't become lies. Yakusoku ga uso ni naranai you ni And then one day, Soshite itsuka To you who left our ship, Bokura no fune o orita And are now in a different world, Chigau sekai ni iru kimi ni I will send that completed puzzle. Kansei shita pazuru o todokeyou I'm sorry I wanted to bring everyone just a little farther. I'm sorry. I wanted to always go on adventures together. Merry! A voice? But I If someone's gotta apologize, it's us, Merry! I'm bad at steering, So I ran you into icebergs! I ruined your sail too. Zoro and Sanji are idiots, so they broke lots of things! And Usopp tried to fix them, but he wasn't any good at it! If someone's gotta apologize But I was happy. You always treated me well Thank you. I Was always so happy! All because of you! MERRY! It was a lot of work, but we're back! We're back! So, it's time to get Water Seven back to normal! It seems there's something going on outside, though Baachan, it's the marines! Next time on One Piece: Disturbed Peace! The Marine Vice-Admiral With the Fist of Love I'm gonna be the pirate king!