Operation Disembarkation Commences! The Straw Hat Crew Rushes In! One Piece Treasure Sweepstakes! The first letter is The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! It's alright Robin, you'll be okay You're still hiding something, right? I don't care, it's okay But pirates They can't leave their crew, without the captain's permission. That's why You should Have faith in Luffy! FROG!! You Since that day 8 years ago when Tom-san was taken away Everyday you would try to fight the sea train. So that you wouldn't lose the people you loved again. So that you could protect the people you loved this time. Yokozuna! The time to show the results of your training is now! Anyway Now the government has me, who holds the plan of the weapon. And you, who can awaken all of the existing weapons. That means the two keys have fallen into their hands. Even if it comes to it, there's no meaning in me running away alone. You must somehow get back to that straw-hat's place! It's impossible Just by being with them, I'll hurt them! The people from the government may qualify your existence as a crime, but Whatever disaster you can bring to this world, just being here can't be considered a crime. Existing can't be a crime! Open the Main Gate! What is this place!? That's a waterfall!? I can't see the bottom! You're noisy, uh Lucci and the others are heading toward us. Bringing with them the best souvenir we could ever wish for. Can't you go any faster? Hey, then Franky-aniki sacrificed himself!? Yeah, that's right. He was trying to save Robin-chan. What a kind hearted person! Aniki! We've gotta hurry or we'll arrive late. Oi, I see it! The light of the no night island! It's Enies Lobby! What, for real? We're going to save aniki! No night island? There's never night on this island, we call it a daytime island! This is the Judiciary Island! Daytime island? I found them! The big yagaras!! Oiii!! Luffy!! Ah! Sanji!! And Who the hell is that? It's been a while It's straw-hat-san!! We got back on the track well. Looks like the guys will come to the entrance of the world government too! Isn't that promising? Yosh! Enies Lobby is in sight! All hands, prepare for battle! And then This is the wonderful day when the 8 members of the CP9, including myself, will finally be gathered together, but What's the meaning of this article!? In our new plan to assassinate the leader of the revolution, the orders were to take out 3 people and your mission would have been over But you just had to kill 23 people, right!? If you have excuses, try them! Yoyoi!! I make all my apologies, chief! Everything is-- My responsibility! Stop that, Kumadori! A man shouldn't lower his head so easily! I'll explain everything to the chief, so sit down! Yoyoi! I'm really sorry, chief! If it comes to it, I'll Open my stomach and take full responsibility! Don't say stupid things! Yoyoi! It's wrong, chief! We followed the plan and started the infiltration for the assassination! The plan no one was supposed to know about was mysteriously discovered! I talked about the assassination plan in town, chapapa! What? So it was you again, Fukurou! What does that damn zipper on your mouth serve for then!? And when will that big mouth of yours be cured!? We are supposed to be the most elite secret agents! I talked about it accidentally, chapapa. Don't 'chapapa' me! Yoyoyoi!! Can't do anything about this, I accidentally talked about it! I talked about it, chapapa! No, don't blame Fukurou for this! You! I talked, chapapa! Shut up, will you!? I will take that responsibility! Seppuku! I can't die Hurry up and die, you damn bastard! I accidentally talked about it, chapapa! Shut up, I understood! It's okay guys, I understand. Hot!! I spilt my coffee! Shit!! And I heard Nero wasn't of any use! Mah, it's okay Sogeking from the Sniper Island? That's right! I'm one of Usopp's close friends. I'm here to help you out on your journey. I-It's a hero! I knew it from the beginning since he had a cape! Awesome! It's the first time I've seen a hero! Really? He's a hero because he's wearing a mantle? Right! The mantled baboons are heroes too! Really!? Isn't that Usopp? I knew you were awesome since I saw that cape! Usopp, I'm glad you're safe. It's the long nose that entered the Franky House It's the long nose who got caught with aniki It's him. Pleased to meet you! It's the niichan we met at Shift Station. Please sign this! But then Where did Usopp go? He's safe. You don't need to worry at all. Anyway, he said to concentrate our full forces on saving Robin-kun for now. He's absolutely right! Wh- Where is the island of snipers? It is It is inside your hearts. In our hearts! Where's that!? On Sharpshooter Island! "Where I was born", say it! Where I was born! Nami-san. What is it, Sanji-kun? And the other idiots except Nami-san. Hits, say it! Hits! Before we go and save Robin Just hear me out for a bit. That Buster Call is the problem. Long ago, a certain island was destroyed. Five vice-admirals and ten marine battleships. For that woman who has faced that overwhelming power, the Buster Call is a nightmare she can't run away from. The memory of the fear that built up in her since she was young is now pointed toward her nakama. She lost the will to oppose us. Don't tell me Knowing all this That's evident. That's the situation. Robin is somehow being controlled by the CP9. I'm not making excuses for not being able to retrieve her. But as we're preparing to enter the enemy's ground, we can't be sure if Robin-chan will accept to return with us. No, it's over. We won't meet again. Like all that matters!! I won't forgive her!! That Robin! Why her!? That's how it is! Why should we go save her if she doesn't want to? Robin is suffering because she worries about what'll happen to our crew once we save her! I don't care about all that! If we leave her, Robin will get killed, right!? Since she doesn't want to die, we'll save her! That's evident, but! Stop it. This doesn't change what we have to do. We'll save her and that's all. I'm gonna kick their asses! And I have new techniques I want to try! Look at this for a bit guys. I once came here to repair the rails. I drew this using the vague memories I have from that time. This is an overall map of Enies Lobby's terrain. The Gate of Justice is located at the back of the island. You can go there by passing through the Judiciary Tower. What's this? What's the black thing? The black part is the waterfall. Waterfall? You'll understand when we pass the gate. From the Main Gate to the Gate of Justice. If we don't get back Nico Robin and Franky during that period of time, we lose. Why's that? Wherever Robin is taken away, we just have to follow her until we succeed! I told you before we left Water 7, didn't I? If we pass that gate, our destination will either be the Marines' Headquarters or the Great Submarine Prison! No matter what, we must settle things before that. That's how it is. But still, even if we all get on the island, the ones who really stand a chance to win against the CP9 are Just you guys. I understood that strength well while travelling on this train with you. That's why you should wait here for five minutes and then bash into the main island with the Rocketman! We'll go fight first and open a passage so that the train can pass between the Main Gate and the Main Island Gate. After that, we want you to go on, no matter how many of us fall. We may have around 60 members, but the other side should have around 2000 or 3000 soldiers. You straw-hats should try to avoid unnecessary battles and only concentrate on following the CP9! Yeah, I got it! Hey guys, this is the front of the island! Look well at the sky behind Enies Lobby. That is the Gate of Justice! SO HUGE!! It'd be bad to open it completely When a criminal goes in, they only open the door a bit to let him through. And behind that door is a huge region of the ocean that's like the Calm Belt, cutting through the Grand Line. You can't go there with a normal ship. I don't know how they manage to do it, but the marines have a way to pass through there safely. In other words, it's like what the pirate girl said. You can't take back a criminal that's been captured and taken there. That means that the passage through the gate is the limit! Saa! There is no time to hesitate! Then we'll infiltrate the island according to the plan! Let us cover you! Oi!! Aren't those two with us? Hey, where is Luffy? He was here until just now Hey! It's straw-hat-san! What the hell is he doing all by himself!? That guy doesn't understand the plan at all! It didn't serve any purpose He said he understood, right? Waiting five minutes is impossible for him. I guess so. What an impatient one. Go, pirate-niichan! Don't slow down! Sodome, Gomorrha! Jump over that fence and break the Main Gate open! What was that? Something just flew over What's up with this place? There's such a huge hole! It looks like the island is floating! There's a town, too. Robin I wonder if she's in there. There's someone up there! Shoot him down immediately! I've been spotted! He passed the gate! This is the Main Gate! This is the Main Gate! This is a message for the chief officer in the main island! This is the Main Gate, I'm requesting an answer! What do you want? What's happening? There's an intruder who passed the Main Gate and is heading to the main island! What? Surely you can at least take care of just one intruder. But, that! This is the main island! We've identified the intruder. We'll take care of him now. Don't worry. Hey there little guy, stop running. Do you know where you are? Please be careful when dealing with him! If my eyes are right, this man could be Straw-hat Luffy! What!? What did you just say!? I think he's the man with a 100 million bounty. The straw-hat pirate! Robin Where is Robin!? You're annoying! Get out of the way! Is this guy picking a fight with the World Government!? Robin, just wait! Next time, One Piece: Luffy Charges In! Great Decisive Battle on the Judiciary Island! I'm gonna be the Pirate King! Here's how you can get your present! Write the four letters that appeared in the show, your address, your full name, your age, your opinion of the show and you may win a lot of prizes! The last keyword is this!