Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Flying through the sky with the Chopper-cape The name of the hero who protects the peace of the world is Chopperman! Chopperman to the Rescue! Protect the TV Station by the Shore What's so great about Chopperman?! Every time he frustrates my plans to take over the World Government! The Incarnation of Evil - Dr. Usodabada Leader of his own organization of evil, always scheming against the World Government. Truly a terrifying scientist! And it's all your fault for not doing your job properly. Stop acting so carefree! Pervert Monster - Sanjilops Although he denies being a pervert, he has only perverted thoughts in his mind. I'm no pervert. Liar! Mysterious Onigiri Man - Zorogilla He loves onigiri! He won't forgive anyone who doesn't have onigiri! Unforgivable. You scum! Do something good for me once in a while! Tea! Yes! Right away! What're you making me do?! Make tea for your boss. I understand now. There aren't any devoted men within our organization. I want some subordinates that have some consideration and respect for me. Amateur singing contest! We're now waiting for you to apply! That's it! That's perfect! Sign : Giant Luffy Bomber Meanwhile, in Chopperman's secret base located somewhere Please answer. What's wrong? Please answer me! Lovely Assistant - Namifia Namifia is in charge of assigning missions to Chopperman. Come on, say something! I'm begging you, please answer me. This month we're having a hard time with the debts! It's pointless. We'll have to shorten the food supplies after all, or Polar bear? Panda. Oi, Namifia! There's no more potato chips! Bring me another bag! Ally of Justice - Chopperman He's the hero who protects the peace of the world! That hurt. What're you doing, Namifia?! This isn't the time to be laughing while watching TV, Chopperman. There's no danger in the world at all today! Isn't that good?! Of course it's not! If we don't get any calls asking for help, the business won't get anywhere! Even if you say so, I care more about world peace! Starting tomorrow, potato chips will be prohibited for you. I'm sorry. Koala! Now, coming up next is the news. I wonder if there'll be any bad news. A monster showing up or a robot going on terrible rampage. Oi, give me the remote. I wanna see comedy shows! Good day, ladies and gentlemen watching TV. Usodabada! This TV station is now under the control of my organization! Yosh! Just what we needed! Why is he on TV? The objective of taking over this TV station is to tell you something. I'll now announce the reason to everyone who's watching us now! In order for us, the Usodabadan, to overthrow the world government! We're now recruiting people who want to join us! The admission is free of charge! No job interview needed! And that's not all! The first applicant who registers will recieve my organization's special and treasured The strong! But, it's a promo, so you can't ride it. I'll give you the Air Force C-Max Limited Edition! I endured a week of pain just to get this. I really don't want to let it go, but I'll sadly give it to you! The Air Force C-Max Limited Edition?! Well then, you too, who are watching TV now, join Usodabada's organization! This is bad! Chopperman, are you ready to go?! Yes! You know what your mission is, right?! Of course! I'll join Usodabada! You don't understand it at all! Air Force C-Max Limited Edition! There's no end to my misfortune. Giant Luffy Bomber! If I use that! It's gone! That's right, I sold it to get these What do you think, Robiflowan? I have an overflowing charisma when I'm on TV. Yes, wellif you say so. Mysterious Flower Woman - Robiflowan A wicked woman who always gets defeated by Chopperman's Secret Technique Kyuun Spark! Kyuun: A combination of cute and kyun, a momentary tightening in the chest caused by strong feelings. Do you guys have a bit of a better impression of me now? Don't look down on my plan! Tea. Yes, right away! You did it again! Make tea for your boss. Fine. If this plan works, I'll have many underlings gathering. Usodabada-sama is awesome! Usodabada-sama is a genius! Usodabada-sama, here's you tea! But, advertising was quite a good idea, even though it was Usodabada-sama's idea That was a rude thing to say, Robinflowan. My plans are always flawless! If the people watching TV see how strong and cool the Usodabadan organization is, They'll gather and gather in great crowds wanting to join us! Then, it'll be easy to overthrow the world government. And then, I'll get rid of those two. But, what kind of TV program are you gonna show? I'm glad you asked. First I'll delight them with my voice! Wait a second! Leave this to me! With my charm, all the ladies watching TV will be delighted. Please watch me, Robiflowan-chan! S-sure. You might not know I'm yours only. I wonder if this is okay? It doesn't matter, let him be, Robinflowan. He'll be okay. You'll be handling the calls from people who wanna join us at the Call Center. Understood. I can see it. I can just see it now! The Call Center overflowing with calls from people who want to join me! Sanjilops' 30 Hours of Cooking! Hello! I'm the Lovely Cuisine Monster, Sanjilops! Today I'll show you a simple recipe using only leftovers. No matter what kind of leftovers they are, I can turn them into a first class dish! First, we'll start by making this delicious dish within 3 minutes. With those ingredients?! And that's it for today! For the next 29 hours and 57 minutes, I'll be just staring at you. What're you doing?! The food will rot! That's not the problem. I've no choice From now on I'll take care Step aside! I'll show you the greatest show. You just watch quietly from there. The Riceball Samurai Let's play, lady. Help me! It's no use asking for help. Who're you?! It doesn't matter, get him! We were no match H-help me! You! Do you have any riceballs?! What?! Be sure to have some from now on. I didn't understand it! Damn, at this rate the plan will fail! Oi! Please let me be your nakama! Finally someone came! Hi! You?! Please let me in. I want the promo. The Air Force C-Max Limited Edition! Don't mess around! Why do you think I'll give my nemesis my precious collection! Wait. Come on, I beg of you! Should I take care of him? No, wait. Oi, you! You want this? I want it! I want it! Then, I'll give it to you. Really?! Alright! You'll have to lose to me in a pro-wrestling match that I personally arrange. That's the only condition. Lose? I don't wanna lose. You just have to pretend you're defeated. You want it, don't you? The Air Force C-Max Limited Edition. I just have to pretend, right? Yosh! Show him the way! Right away! Alright! TV! TV! Usodabada-sama? If I beat Chopperman in a duel before all the cameras, My organizationno! I will become the most respected person in the world! I see. Just you watch, the main event is about to start! Country-wide audience, sorry for making you wait! Today's main event: Usodabada vs. Chopperman We'll be presenting a live broadcast of the ring inside of this spheric viewing platform! The ring's announcer will be me, Shoupan. As for the commentary, we've invited Kazeno Minoru-san. Shirt: Kaze (Wind) - His name is a pun of Kaze no Minoru ("Minoru the Wind"), probably his wrestling nickname Uso-daba-DA! Meanwhile in the ring, Usodabada is giving us a warm welcome with his fighting spirit. Ladies and gentlemen, Before today's match, I'll personally sing a fantastic song for you! Music! He's here, Chopperman makes his triumphant entry! Hey, Namifia! Are you watching?!! Even if you cheer this much for me, it doesn't make me happy! As expected, Chopperman is very popular! This is the last time you'll ridicule me! Today, I'll get rid of you! Usodaba Katame Katame: Constriction That hurts! You're overdoing it! Be silent and cooperate. You want that, don't you? Air Force C-Max Limited Edition. Usodaba has begun to attack, but Kazeno-san? Chopperman isn't showing us his usual power. I wonder what's going on This certainly seems like a one sided match. This is an unexpected sight. Usodabada is showing us unbelievable strength. Not bad. What, Chopperman is so weak He's so uncool. On the other hand, that Usodabada is doing pretty well in the fight. Usodabada! Usodabada! Usodabada! Usodabada! Usodabada! Usodabada! It appears that now Usodabada's popularity has increased! Yo, is this the broadcasting studio? Yes, what is it, reporter Sanjilops-san? Here in the Call Center, we're receiving  many calls of people who wanna join the Usodabadan. Finally! Finally this moment has come! Isn't it enough yet? I wanna get the promo and go home. Hang on a little more. I'll give you the finishing blow now. I'll finish you for real though! Usodabada has climbed to the top rope! Chopperman is in a great pinch! Is this the birth of a new Dark Hero?! This will decide it. But, before that, here's a song. The Air Force C-Max Limited Edition! Are you alright?! Yosh, it can still be fixed. Thank goodness! Thank goodness! Give it to me. Think I will? But, you promised. Promised? I had no intention of keeping my word! I lied! W-what are you? Increasing my popularity above yours was part of my plan from the beginning! I did my best Now Gentlemen, once again call for Usodabada! Not yet! The fight isn't over yet! Don't make me laugh. Hissatsu Kyuun Spark This is! The Kyuun Spark! I'll explain. Chopperman's Secret Technique, Kyuun Spark, will conquer the heart of anyone who looks at him with the cuteness of his eyes! How can he possibly have that much cuteness?! I can't lose! I won't! Chopperman! Chopperman! What the?! Chopperman is so cute! Get lost, Usodabada! There's currently a huge increase in Chopperman's popularity! Let's hear the opinions of the viewers of the show. "Chopperman, do your best, don't lose to Usodaboda". That's Usodabada! I hope you lose, long-nose. At least say my name! It's getting pretty wild here too. Which side are you two on?! Damn! Chopperman, touch! Be like the wind. Why're you switching?! I won't forgive you for tormenting Chopperman! Kazeno Minoru has suddenly joined the fight! It's time for my latest creation! What? Oi! Look outside! Cyber! Gigantic Robot - Frangashan Gashan: Clash Dr. Usodabada's latest secret creation! His strength is unknown! Go, Frangashan! Destroy everything in your path! Okay. I'll take care of this! How is it?! I'm the best after all! That's! Gigantic Robot - Luffy Bomber A Giant Robot over 50 meters high, his intentions are always a riddle! Sorry to keep you waiting. I came to help, but I had to sell them all I gonna get them back after this! Damn! Frangashan, do something! Bring it on! Here I go! Oi! He's coming! Go, Frangashan! I-idiot, stop it! What're you trying to do? He picked up the sphere! You! There are still many spectators in here! And they're all escaping really fast! Here goes! Not bad! I'm falling! No, no, don't let me go! Payback for the promo! Take this! Chopper Violence Otsukaresama Otsukaresama: Expression used to express gratitude for the trouble that someone has gone through, it's also used when drinking after work. Do you have a word for us? Welleven if you give me applause, you don't make me happy. In the end, his popularity has risen again. Just you wait! I had to pay a big price this time. He's quite popular, isn't he. Hello, this the Chopperman Fanclub Customer Service Center! About the deposit for the admission fee, right? Please wait a minute. We're earning great profit! Hey, how many more should I make? All those by today. In exchange, I'll give you the promo you wanted. Really?! I'll do my best! Possibly, Namifia might be the one getting the best salary Hello. Go, Invincible Chopperman! Yep. Movie Announcement. One Piece arc redone in a touching story The touching story of Luffy's pirate crew meeting Chopper. Taking Part with his Original Work / Eiichiro Oda ( Shueshia Weekly [Shounen Jump] Serialized Story) His name is Chopper. The Timid Reindeer, Chopper He's the one I put all of my medical knowledge into. He's so cool! I want him as my nakama! However, the King Wapol and his brother Musshul started the most terrible battle known! The Atrocious King Wapol Special Apparence Musshul Destroy it all! Those who are not prepared have no right to hold a skull! Theme Song [Good-bye] DREAMS COME TRUE They found a reindeer who was all alone. Really brave and a true nakama! An important nakama facing his inner bravery Doctor Do you think I'll be able to become as strong as they are? Strawhat! You're not alone. We are nakama! Luffy. One Piece: Episode of Chopper + Winter's Bloom, the Miraculous Sakura Go, stupid son. March 1 A touching roadshow Advance tickets are currently on sale!! Chara Beri A or B Set Advance tickets are currently on sale!! Moreover Moreover, these 100 beri hold a surprising secret!!! These 100 beri hold a surprising secret!!! Check the home page right away! Limited to 1,000,000 people Present for entering Chara Bat Balloon Look forward to see which one of the 4 you'll get! Get your Character Bat Balloon! Back Our next step is the sea where ghosts appear! I can't wait! Next Time on One Piece: Breaking into the Devil's Sea! The Mysterious Skeleton Wandering in the Mist I'm gonna be the Pirate King!