Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Here comes Usopp's great jump! Amazing, amazing! Yosh, it's my turn! Go, go! Here we go! Absolutely No Entry Damn! I had the best intentions, yet! W-what? That's no way! What's with you? Didn't you see the big "No Entry" sign? It can't be helped. I was planning on surprising everyone at once after showing it but, Keep it a secret from the others. What do you think?! Special and surprising, isn't it?! I worked hard on this one yesterday. I remodeled the design, adding a little more taste! But, this is the first time I've seen this kind of torque. Just where did you get it? Don't remodel it as you please! What's with this design?! W-what it's a white wooden horse. This is a machine to regulate the speed of the equipped jet dial, A Waver! Before adding that stupid wooden horse You should've asked me! I-I see It's complete. With this, I'm sure even she won't complain. Let's hold this one in the reserve. Breaking into the Devil's Sea! The Mysterious Skeleton Wandering in the Mist The next one is Luffy! Go! Awesome landing! Nami-san, Robin-chan. Sorry I kept you waiting. Yosh! Let's all jump together this time, the three of us! Yeah! Oi, you guys! Instead of playing, could you go and get some of the octopuses from yesterday's big catch? Octopus? Yeah. Takoshabu Takoshabu: Thinly sliced octopus boiled with vegetables Also, served in square cut colorful portions in a mountain-like shape! I was thinking of preparing octopus for today. Sounds great! Sanji, also prepare some Takoyaki! Takoyaki: Sphere shaped fried octopus Many takoyakis! I got it, I got it. I'm counting on you then. Alright! It seems you're busy. I'm glad to see you. There's one for you too. Let's go, let's go! Yosh! Damn! I can't catch it as long as it keeps running away. Yosh! This time I'll give it a try! No, wait! You two are Devil's Fruit users. If by any chance you fall into the water, you'll drown. Leave this to me! Usopp? Damn, where did they go?! They've hardened their defenses. However, I hope you're ready for this! After all, you stand no chance before Usopp-sama! One down! Third! Like I'll get tied up by these things! Usopp! Stay away from my body! What happened? The water turned pitch black all of a sudden! Oi, are you alright?! Usopp is in trouble! He got caught by the octopuses! Usopp, grab my hand! Usopp! Are you alright?! Usopp! Let me go you! It's no use, I can't tell where he is because of the dark! If I know where they're hiding! Gomu Gomu no Gatling He's alive. I'm glad. As if you regret it! They're all noisy about just catching some octopuses. You were the one who told us to get them! I wonder what they're doing. Oi! Something's floating in the sea. What is it?! What is it?! Oi, Where is it? Are you sure? A barrel?! It has "treasure" written on it. Note: Tribute to the Sea-God You're right! Could it be Some lost stuff from a treasure ship?! Treasure?! Oi, Luffy! Let's hurry to pull it out! Yeah! Treasure, treasure, we've discovered a treasure! It's a shame. It seems to be sake and food supplies. How can you tell without looking inside?! It has " Tribute to the Sea-God" written on it, doesn't it? That's a floating barrel someone sends when they pray to have a safe trip. These offerings are sent to receive the sea's divine blessing. In short, the word "tribute" means "to God". What, does that mean it was pointless to pick it up?! After all it's sake, isn't it? Let's drink it. Idiot! You'll get punished! You'll be fine as long as you pray, won't you? I can't pray to God. It's said that sake which is cared for by the sea waves has an exceptional taste. That's something we must taste! Yosh! Let's have a toast! After drinking it, we're supposed to refill the barrel with new offerings and set it adrift again. Open it! Hurry! Oi, God! We'll be receiving this! What God?! Who was the one that beat the hell outta of this "God" at the Sky Island Well, sorry for taking it without permission! Yosh! It's open! Something flew out! What is it?! A red light?! What does this mean? The sake flew out, sparkled and then disappeared. It was a flare. Could it be a curse from the Sea-God? It might have been just a prank, but Probably Probably?! Someone might be tracking this ship from now on. No way! Some sort of trap?! By opening the barrel, we've informed someone that we're here?! Chopper, take a look around! Got it! The bounty hunters might still be after us! I can't see anyone! Not here either! We really can't see anyone one, but This atmospheric pressure The cloud currents are moving really fast. Everyone, to your posts! Head south-southeast! A great storm is approaching within five minutes!! I can't see it but, If she says so, it must be very close! Nami, which way?! Damn, this rain will be really troublesome! And now even thunder! It's no use! We're facing a head wind! We're being pushed back! Oi! Is this all the power this ship has?! I've got it! Everyone raise the sails! The Paddle is coming out! That?! I really like that! It's so cool! Is everything ready? The main is okay, Nami-san! The sails have been rised to the mast! Franky, go ahead! Yosh! Soldier Dock System! Channel 0! Cola Engine Paddle Ship Sunny Go! Go! We made it through We made it through, but What's with this sea? It's not even night, and yet The fog is so thick to the point of giving this eerie dark look. Perhaps We've ventured into that sea area We're not prepared yet! We already reached the Fishman Island?! No, first we need to get through the sea where ghosts come out. Don't let your guard down. Without a doubt this area is already the famous Florian Triangle. The outrageous sea where everything mysteriously disappears! Eh?! G-Gho G-Gho Ghost come out, right in this sea. Stop joking! How come everyone besides me knows about that story?! Zoro! We heard it from Kokoro-baasan. There are living skeletons here. L-living skeletons?! That's just your imagination. Don't scare him over such absurd stuff. Listen, Usopp. Every year, more than 100 ships mysteriously vanish within this very sea. Moreover, it is said that a ghost ship with the souls of deceased people wanders this sea. I don't want to! You should've said that earlier! And what if I had? I would be prepared! Prepared some items to disperse the evil spirits! Usopp, lend me some of them too! What's this voice?! It appeared! THE GHOST SHIP! What's with this song? It's the evil spirit's song! Close your ears, you'll be cursed! No matter what kind of thing the ghost says to you, don't listen to him! If you answer back, he'll drag you to sea with him! Evil spirits are always hunting travelers! Who could be riding this ship? If he's an enemy, I'll just chop his head off. Something is there. Going to deliver Binks' sake Did you see that just now?! A skeleton was singing! I-idiot! Skeletons don't sing! It was a spirit! A spirit! But, you heard it, right? Hey, let's go! Let's go immediately! There was a living skeleton after all! Yosh! Wait, wait! Don't rush, Luffy. Yosh, we'll decide who is going with Luffy over to that ship. Why?! He's fine with the guys who want to go! That's right! Let them do it! Let them do it! Is that really okay? Yosh, let's go! Not at all Please exlude me from this. Zoro-kun, I beg you! Let's get inside Sunny until they came back! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go inside! You don't have to go, I'll be fine by myself. If we don't hurry, the ship will leave. That's right, and then you won't be able to go Anyway, pick one. Two will go with him To prevent Luffy from acting stupidly. Why do I have to go? I wanna go back. Nami, not yet? Hurry and climb up! That's why I told you I'd go by myself. No way! What if our ship gets cursed for you doing something stupid?! I had terrible luck! Nami-san, it's alright! I'll protect you, Nami-san! Even if you say so Nami, you wanted to find the treasure ship, didn't you? There's no way this is a treasure ship! You saw it, didn't you?! That moving skeleton! He must be the treasure's guardian. Anyway, let's look for him! Evil spirits, go away! Evil spirits, go away! Luffy, rest in peace! Nice to meet you! Yohohoho! Forgive my discourtesy, I couldn't greet you when we first met. You surprised me! It's been many decades since the last time I met a person. Ship after ship, it's the same, just ghost ships wandering around here. It's kinda scary! Well, make yourselves at home and come inside. We'll be able to talk more relaxed. Look, it's talking! The skeleton is talking with his afro! Unbelievable! My, my! What a lovely young lady! Beautiful indeed! Eh no not at all I have good eye for beautiful ladies! Although, skeletons don't have eyes! Can you please show me your panties? My, my, quite harsh she is. The flesh came right off of my bones Although I'm only skeletal. Shut up! How come this skeleton is a simpleton? Do you crap? There are plenty of other questions to ask besides that! Yes, I do crap. There's no need to answer! First! Although you're nothing but bones, how is it that you can be alive and talk?! What exactly are you? Why are you here? What's going on in this ship?! And what's happening on this sea?! Answer everything right now! Wait! Before that, You! Be my nakama! Alright then. Good day to you all, it's a pleasure to meet you! You may call me Dead Bones Brook! What's with this guy, Luffy?! He's funny, isn't he? I made him our nakama. No, you didn't! Before this goes on any longer, Why don't we have dinner? You can't decide that! Next Time on One Piece: The Pleasure of Meeting People! The Gentleman Skeleton's True Feelings I'm gonna be the Pirate King!