Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! In the ice covered sea known as the Frozen Highway, The split up Strawhat crew faces the bounty hunters known as the Atchino family. Here we go! Love Throw Onee-san is flying right into my arms! Today is Papa's big birthday, That's why everyone went to get his present. Is the flag the present? You miss. These are the presents. Oneechan has an 80 million bounty. With Puzzle's help, Luffy and the others managed to capture the second oldest son of the Atchino family, Brindo. Luffy! Luffy! As for you, pirate scum. You better get ready too. Puzzle-san. Puzzle! Haven't you caught them yet? Where's Strawhats' flag? It'll be here soon, Papa. What's with this place? However, Nami and Franky were captured by the Atchino family’s third son, Hockera. Damn! Nose-bastard! Usopp! How could you shoot a lady! You're also my enemy?! How dare you do that to my sweet honey, Arubelle?! Wa-it! Take this! Eat this! Kayaku Boshi Kayaku Boshi: Gunpowder Star My head! Usopp-sama’s Headbutt Attack was successful! Just as planned! Arubelle-chan, are you alright? Sarco Who're you?! Hot Full Throttle! The Twin's Magnetic Power Drawing Near So cold! You're the one who saved me, right? How is it? Does it hurt? Oi! How dare you turn us into your slaves?! You underestimated the Phoenix pirate crew! Better get ready. Are you sure? If something were to happen to me, My brothers wouldn't let you off easily. Shut up! We won’t keep doing what you say! You have a sharp tongue, kid. You no longer You no longer! Puzzle-san. Don't get me wrong. I didn't capture him to hold him here. I want to negotiate with you. Negotiate? Yeah. I want you to overlook these guys. In exchange In exchange, I'll surrender my bounty. P-Puzzle-san you What're you saying?! This is quite a wise captain. If you do such a thing! What'll become of the Phoenix pirate crew?! Jiro. The captain has made his decision. But! Jiro. I You bastards. How can you even dare to deceive us?! I'll make sure you realize your mistake! Stancen! Captain! What're you doing?! Beat the hell out of that guy! Captain! Captain! Why?! Turn back into the captain you used to be! Please! Come back! Damn it! We're no longer pirates. Puzzle-san! You're a very smart captain. Fine, in return for your bounty, all these guys will be free to go. No! I'm a member of the Phoenix pirate crew! Oi! I'll get rid of this guy myself! Jiro, that's enough. It's already over. Brat, try laying a finger on me! Then, all of you will be doomed! Damn it! Strawhat! You heard what I said, didn't you? If you touch me, all of them Give back the flag. Luffy. The flag? Read the situation! Talking in that threatening way now is I don't care about them. Return our pirate flag this instant! E-even if you say so, the flag isn't here right now. Then, take us to the place where the flag is! C-calm down. The guide will be here shortly. The flag's location is deep inside the Frozen Highway where our family stronghold is, Lovely Land. But, the moment you get to Lovely Land to retrieve the flag, all of you will be done for. Isn't the flag here yet?! Campachino! Papa Lil's flying fish is transporting it right now Please wait a little longer. Then, what about my birthday party? T-that will be held as soon as the others return. Campachino! How long are you gonna keep me waiting?! P-Papa don't get angry Just a little further to get home. Right now This person and This person are heading to your house, right? Yes. Hockera-niichan is taking them there now. I see. Papa, you'll be delighted. Geez, can't you figure out something to get rid of this cold? There's nothing that can be done with everything frozen like this. Would you like to try some of my Fresh Fire? Cut it out! What'll we do if you burn the inside?! Then, what do we do?! Think of something that doesn't put me in danger! You're quite a demanding woman, aren't you? You're the one going too far! Damn, what an persistent stupid couple. Arubelle-chan What can you see in a monkey like him? How could you knock us out before? Sarco. If this is the case, let's show them our supreme attack. This is bad! They're planning something big. Yosh! There's only one here that can show off before Arubelle-chan. Oi! This is bad! They're spinning much faster than before! I'll save Arubelle-chan from that despicable man! Yosh! We'll go according to your plan. I'm counting on you! Extremely good! Arubelle, here we go! Alright, Sarco! High Jump Dai Kaiten Ultra Love Throw Dai Kaiten: Great Rotation Damn. I won't be able to stand in this slippery place. Sanji, if I were to get hit again, I might stop living What's wrong? You always exaggerate. No matter how you look at it, it's evident that I'm covered with serious wounds! Sarco, this is the best! Extremely good, Arubelle! Let's do it once more! Usopp, let's show them our cooperative attack now. What, did you come up with a good plan?! What's with this stance?! Now I won't slip. Collier Frit Collier Frit: Fried Meat Arubelle-chan. Will you give another chance to this artist? Shut up, you womanizing criminal! You two move, damn it! Sarco! Hang in there, Sarco! A-Arubelle Have you realized it?! Your attack is ineffective before our own attack! Arubelle-chan Sanji, how long are you gonna stay there, wake up! If you wanna surrender, now is the time. I still haven't released even 10% of my true power. Did you think we were recklessly skating all this time? What? What does that mean? This is what it means! So cold! Now, surrender yourselves. What?! If you behave yourselves, we'll save you. You better hurry. W-what the? Ouch! If you don't hurry and give up, you'll freeze to death. S-shut up! Oi! Sanji, wake up! Usopp I feel like sleeping right now You idiot! You're in grave danger! Ok, I got it, save me! Look, Sarco! Me too, Arubelle. D-damn it! So cold. Oi, why hasn't the guide come yet? Oi, kid. There's a portable Den Den Mushi inside my pocket. Brindo, what's wrong? The hunt is late. Papa is getting angry. Hurry up and come back. Oi, can you hear me, Brindo? Answer me. Brindo has been caught by the Phoenix pirate crew! If you lay your hands on us, he'll be killed! Jiro, oi! I take back my words! Niisan is coming. Niichan? You said too much! All of you will now be sent to the other world! What do you mean by that?! You! I won't let you do anything strange! Oi, you! Why are you shining?! What's with this guy?! Well, watch and you'll see. When did he escape? What a troblesome guy. No way! What's going on? Is it a replication technique? How dare you kidnap my cute little brother? Little brother! Niisan! It's been quite a while since We used our Combination Play. Amazing! How did you do that just now?! We're merely using magnetism. We can cover a greater range by separating. And, we can instantly come together again by calculating the distance. It's the magnetic power that links our brotherhood! That is our Brotherly Love. Oi! Did you eat a Devil's Fruit? Why do we have this kind of similitude? That is because we are Twins! Twins are amazing! That's definitely strange! Brindo, which one is today's target? First, this guy is Puzzle the Phoenix, with a bounty of 100 million beri. He is Strawhat Luffy with a bounty of 300 million beri. Oh? This guy? And this is the Cotton Candy Lover pet, Chopper, with a bounty of 50 beri. What's with that 50 beri? It's almost nothing, niisan. Don't give me that! I object to 50 beri! Well, nevermind. Now, let's see if you can escape from our Combination Play. Oi! Strawhat! Look this way. Don't, Luffy! Behind you! Behind? Han Pass Han Pass: Repulsion Pass Fall into the sea. There's no match for our brotherhood! Luffy! Gomu Gomu no Rocket Niisan! Luffy! Amazing! Strawhat! Do you give up? Campachino! What the? Someone's here? How much longer must I wait? Where's my party?! Where's the flag?! So damn hot. What's with this place? Who are you? What, you're not Campachino. It isn't time yet but Want some? Well, make yourself at home. Sorry about that. I'm waiting for my family to come to my birthday party, but I've lost sight of my party leader, and he hasn't come back yet. What a coincidence. I've also lost track of my nakama. I'm currently looking for them. So, you too. Thank you. Geez, I wonder where they are and what they're doing. And I wonder where you came from. Gomu Gomu no Sensei! I'm okay. You two, if you don't return the flag, we'll beat you up for real! Brindo, Papa is getting angrier and hotter. Let's end this quickly. He's a Devil's Fruit user so if he falls into sea, that's the end of him. Gomu Gomu no Gatling Luffy! Captain! No use, he's too far! Like I'll fall! Jiryoku Han Pass Jiryoku Han Pass: Magnetic Repulsion Pass That was close. Strawhat It's impossible to escape from us! You're some persistent guys, aren't you? Gomu Gomu no Twin Pistol Han Pass I'm on my way, Luffy! Jiro, watch out. Jiro! Are you okay? Captain! Oi! Turn the ship! Please pick up Luffy! That's impossible. While on the Frozen Highway, the ship won't listen to us. Luffy. Ignore those that forget about you. This is to be expected from them. They must be relaxed and playing on the ice now, geez. How is it? That's the collection I'm so proud of. Collection? That's right, those are the flags of the pirates I've hunted so far. Wonderful, isn't it? What an annoying hobby you have. C'mon, don't say that. It came at last. Maybe if you see this one, you'll understand too. This flag belongs to the Strawhat crew, a bounty exceeding 600 million. How is it? Bastard! Why the hell do you have that flag?! Quite a precious pirate flag, isn't it? It's even colder here! You were planning to imprison us here all along, weren't you?! Even the walls are made of ice. But, with this cold, I kinda feel like sleeping Don't sleep! If you do, you'll end up frozen! Where have Robin and Zoro gone to anyway?! Next Time on One Piece: Mansion of Great Chaos! The Enraged Don and the Captured Crew I'm gonna be the Pirate King!