Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! This flag belongs to the Strawhat crew, a bounty exceeding 600 million. Why the hell do you have that flag?! Mansion of Great Chaos! The Enraged Don and the Captured Crew Luffy. Luffy! That was close. I won't fall into the sea! It doesn't matter where you run to. Even if you're worth 300 million, You're still no match for our brotherhood. Enough with the chitchat. Give back our flag! If you beat our brotherhood We'll show you the way To where the flag is. Dangerous. Seems like you have trouble fighting on the ice. You're in the same situation! I wouldn't be too sure about that. The Frozen Highway is the territory of our Atchino family. There's no one who could actually beat us while fighting here. Besides, the strong magnetic power that binds us both is something that even you, Monkey D. Luffy, can't overcome! I don't care about that. Just hurry up and come! I'll beat the hell out of you now. Don't act so cocky! Gomu Gomu no Pistol Monkey D. Luffy, our brotherhood Will take your head! I'm impressed that you could dodge it. Let's both go at once, Campachino-niisan. Papa, is waiting. Prepare yoursel You're a splendid pair! Don't laugh! As expected from someone worth 300 million. How dare you do this to us. No, I didn't do anything. You're the morons. How dare you, filthy pirate Make fun of us! Bastard! We'll get you! Bastard, how can you lay your hands on my Shark Submerge! I'll get you for this, Hockey-bastard! It's just a matter of time before all of you end up frozen. You won't last long now that you're inside here! You! This is horrible. What's wrong with this place?! Oi! Sanji-kun! Usopp! Please save me! I'm sorry, Nami-san. I let my guard down. Oi, are you alright? Thank you, you saved us. We're just missing the other four bounties. So, you were bounty hunters after all! Why is this place so cold?! The ice in this place has been hardening for the past hundred years. Anything inside will freeze up. You can say it's like a gigantic natural freezer. Do you understand? Arubelle! That explanation was extremely good! So easy to understand! Will the other four get caught first, Or will you people freeze to death? Your nakama must have fallen into my children's hands by now. It's a shame. I'll have to cut the one that has been treating me. Cut me? I wonder if you can do that A Devil's Fruit user? I can melt down everything I touch. Even those splendid katanas will have this same fate. That's the ability of my Atsu Atsu Fruit! Atsu: Hot In short, I must not touch you, right? Sanjuu Roku Pondo Hou Bastard! Are you trying to harm my precious collection?! What was that just now?! Troisième Haché Troisième Haché: Third-Rate Mincemeat Strong Hammer Kayaku Boshi Kayaku Hoshi Boshi Kayaku Hoshi Boshi: Gunpowder Star Star Usopp Hammer Wagomu Wagomu: Rubber Band Kayaku Boshi Pound Kayaku Boshi Whatever you do is useless. Kayaku Hoshi Boshi You can't get away from here. Give it up. Seems like the only way to get out is through there. Kayaku Boshi Franky! Kayaku Boshi Wagomu Damn, not a scratch. I'll leave it as is for today. What's wrong? Can you get through there? Yeah, it seems possible if I use my one last shot. Here we go! Are you all set?! Boo Go! Damn! I'm out! That's enough! Damn it! Don't underestimate us. Just hurry up and freeze in there. B-big trouble, Arubelle-sama! D-Don Atchino-sama has! I understand, I'll go right away. We need to attend something. You guys, wait there quietly. Hurry up, darling. Oi! At this rate we'll really freeze up! Papa-san! Papa! This is bad. It's like a sauna. Honey, what do we do? It's impossible to control Papa's temper when he's like this. Let's smile. Papa, what's wrong? You! Didn't you imprison the birthday presents properly?! Papa, listen to me, they're perfectly Ro-Roronoa Zoro! Why are you here?! Bastard. I won't forgive you! Don't ignore us! Nitoryuu Where was it?! Tora Ga- Tora Gari: Tiger Hunt Wh-at?! I'm sorry, Papa. He was just an insignificant rat that somehow snuck in. Papa-san, be at ease, we'll perfectly imprison the remaining members. Papa's collection has increased once more with this one. Cheer up! Besides, our oniisans are taking care of the remaining members. That's right, Papa. No use. We can't calm him just by ourselves. Help us, Oniisama. Damn. You sure are some sturdy ones. Replication Technique guys. We told you we're twins! Pay attention to what people say! Well, Papa is waiting for us. It's time to finish this. Brindo! Campachino-niisan! Damn! Monkey D. Luffy! Your head is ours! Gomu Gomu no Gatling What's wrong? Yes. I understand. Hey, damn it! Don't escape! You temporarily escaped from your death, Monkey D. Luffy. We'll deal with you later! Niisan, what happened? It seems Papa has gone berserk again. Wait, you two! Bastards! Give back our pirate flag! Don't, if you fall asleep you'll die! Usopp! Usopp! Don't wake me up, Nami. I'm having a wonderful dream. The sound of birds chirping is great. Merry you came to take me with you? Wake up! Are you trying to kill me?! Where am I? Zoro! Where have you guys been? We should be asking you that! More importantly, I saw our flag up there. Could it be that you So the flag is here after all. We gotta do something before Luffy notices. Geez, can't you even protect one single flag, imitation cook? Same goes for you. You shouldn't let yourself get dumped, crappy swordsman. This isn't the time for this! Seems everyone is fine. Robin! Robin-chwan! Moron. Robin, help us please! Please! Pull us out! The truth is, oneechan should be thrown in there too. But then again, Robin-oneechan is special. So I'll ask for you to be spared. You know, Papa will grant any request I make him. So, are you coming to the party? Party? Yes, Papa's party. It'll be one great feast! Well, have you said goodbye to everyone? Robin! Oi! Robin! Hurry up and help us! Well then, shall we get going? Really? Let's go, let's go. Just follow me. Oi! Why're you leaving?! Wait, Robin! Please don't abandon me! Chopper! I'm back! Be more careful when landing! Do you intend to destroy our ship?! Sorry. What's wrong? It's kinda hot here. Could it be As I thought. Papa is angry. Let's retire. When Papa is like this, it's better to stay away from him. I see. At this rate, all the surroundings will meltdown. Hey, let's play in my room. Then, can we bring those candies and juice over there? They're not very tasty when they're hot. I don't mind. Besides, I have something else I'd like to ask you. You guys, your provisions. They're a gift from Princess Lil's partner, Robin-sama. From Robin? Provisions? Robin-chwan, I knew it all along! Oi! It's cola, Franky. Alright! Just leave the rest to me! Super! Recovery! Here we go! Coup de Vent Coup de Boo We have lost quite some time, but Let's go, guys! Yeah! Let's go, Chopper! Yes. Take me with you too! I beg of you! Jiro. No! Stay here, Jiro. Captain. There's no reason to go. I'm no longer It's alright. If we're able to hold our flag once again, surely, the captain will go back to what he used to be. That's why, I'll show you that I can take it back! Don't talk nonsense. I have already given up. Words such as "give up" are pathetic They don't suit you That's because you're The man who's gonna be the Pirate King! Puzzle, I believe in you! You're the man who's gonna be the Pirate King! I'm still little and I'm still pretty weak, but! Just wait! I'll bring it back! Wh-at?! What're you doing, Luffy?! Don't keep talking nonsense! Are you a demon?! What was that for?! The words "give up" are for those who have fought to the very end! You can't use them! Listen! There's no way that guy could become the Pirate King! The one who's gonna be the Pirate King, is me! Don't mess around! I've already decided Puzzle-san will be the Pirate King! No matter what you say, you won't step over his dream! Jiro. You're not weak at all. You got your strength right where it should be. Luffy-san. Yosh! Let's get our flags back from them, Jiro! Yeah! I won't forgive anyone who dares to take our flag! Stop it! They're not the appropriate enemies for you! Don't go! I'm not going to get myself killed. I'm going to be able to keep moving forward! Besides, I'm a pirate! They're all idiots Just because of me Captain Puzzle. You guys, follow Jiro. Yes. Oi, Nami! Don't you think that it's a bad idea to be following Zoro? Shut up! We'll prepare you an unforgettable party. Please, cheer up, Papa. GIVE BACK OUR FLAG! What the? Oi! Don't waste time, Luffy is coming. Anyway, let's hurry up. See, I told you he would come, Papa! It's just a matter of time before we catch him too. I'm sorry for getting angry with you. Oi! Crappy Marimo! Do you really know the place where the flag was taken?! Be quiet for a second. Probably this way. Why am I following an idiot like you? This is the place! I think Next Time on One Piece: The Return of the Phoenix! The Dream of the Pirate Flag Sworn to a Friend I'm gonna be the Pirate King!