Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! In the ice covered sea known as the Frozen Highway, The Atchino family met the Strawhat crew. We finally found you. You people, Once a ship loses its course in this Frozen Highway, never again will it be able to return to the open sea. Resign yourselves. Meanwhile, Luffy and Chopper, who were together with Puzzle's group, were about to return to the Sunny. Sunny is gone! The Sunny tried to make its escape from the icebergs that surrounded it. Coup de Burst To prevent that, the Atchino family launched another plan. How about taking their flag first? What a strange fish. The Assassins Attack! The Great Battle On the Ice Begins The pirate flag Has disappeared. When did this happen? W-where did it go?! It's gone, gone, gone, gone! Go, Flying Fish! What's wrong, Nico Robin?! No way Did you see something over there? There it is, the pirate flag! Some strange thing that looks like a bird and a fish has it. As I thought. It was stolen by those people from before. What? I saw one of them using that fish. It's taking the flag back to the icebergs we just left! Damn! Sanji-kun! Oi! Where are you going? Isn't it obvious?! I'm going to take it back! Stop joking! We barely got away from there. Calm down, Sanji-kun. Luffy and Chopper aren't here. Zoro isn't either. In situations like this, it's better not to move. Hey, damn it! Don't move! Oi! Don't move I tell you! Oi! Don't move! We can't afford to stop moving. A pirate flag is a pirate's life. The simple fact of having it stolen is unforgivable. I understand that, but First, we gotta find Luffy's whereabouts and There's one more reason. You guys Do you wanna get scolded by the captain over such a thing?! Geez, you guys really can't be helped. No! Such a thing! Definitely no! I won't allow such an idiot scold me! These guys Geez. Yosh, let's go! Damn! Again?! Why won't this damn ice stop moving?! Looks like we won't be able to keep moving until we find the iceberg’s true nature. Franky. There's one thing I'd like to borrow but Those bastards Where did they go to? The great Hockera-sama will be the one to find you! Just you wait! We shouldn't be doing this, honey. Let's hurry up and find those guys! Don't be so hasty, darling. It doesn't matter where those people might be, there's no way they can escape from this Frozen Highway. They're trapped. That was absolutely nice! Honey, you're the best! However, after looking for them for this long and not finding them, it's quite odd. I wonder where those people could've gone. Soldier Dock System, Channel 3! Shark Submarine No. 3. Dispatching! How is it? The feeling you get by riding this Shark Submarine No.3, Super, isn't it? Sanji-kun, can you hear me? She's not listening. I can hear you loud and clear, Nami-san. So, have you figured anything out yet? I won't find anything unless we descend a little more. Franky, please take us to the lower level of the iceberg. Sure thing! What's wrong, Nami-san? Did you find something? Lower the speed a little to see. Stop right here! What could that be? Found them! What is it then? I don't know. They're heading this way! That's why I'm asking you, what are they?! Just run away! What's wrong, Nami-san?! What the?! Increase the speed! Damn! Nami-san! Nami-san! Damn it! What the? Found you. Let's go! Wait for me, honey! That hurt! Did we fall from up there? Well, if it isn't a cute penguin. That hurt! Oi, look. There are thousands standing there! W-what shall we do? What shall we do you say? Run away of course! Damn! Just what are these things?! Someone please tell me! Save me! Alright! Now I can go back. Doom Penguin? Yeah, they're a strong group of penguins living around this area. They're the ones that move the icebergs. Awesome! Their main use is to help the bounty hunters to gather their targets. That's the reason why they say that you can't get away from this sea. I see. Oi! Chopper! We're going back to Sunny! Alright. Thank you for everything. Later. Hey! Forget them. After all, it’s the same wherever they go. While in this sea, no one can change their fate. Isn't that right? We're in your debt! See ya! What's wrong? Huh? Although I certainly heard that you had died It's an honor to finally meet you. The Phoenix, Puzzle-san. Somehow We managed to escape. What were Those things? These guys They're the ones from before. Geez, you people. You sure are stupid. That's why I told you it was impossible to escape. Such an astounding beauty, it’s a privilege to meet you again. Don't come any closer. So you fight without using your hands? Seems like you're quite good. But, it’s all over for you since we're the ones who found you in the end. You're as amazing as you are cool, honey! Thank you, darling! Right in my face again! Oi! Stop that you two! Stop that I tell you! Stop that! You people I thought I was dead. That was quite troubling. Show yourself! I finally found you. Who the hell are you?! I'm the Atchino family's third son. Hockera. I'll take you as a present for Papa. Papa's present?! What do you mean? I'll freeze you to death. Franky! You sure have some nerve. If what you want is to play, then let's get started. Sonny. Let's play. Oneechan. My name is Lil. So, you wanna play? I wonder if Sunny is alright What, you don't have to worry about those guys. By the way, do you know which way we're heading? Nope. So we better start worrying about ourselves then! We're being pulled back! Oi! Wait a sec! Being called The Phoenix fits you. It's a shame, but that name will only last for today. P-please wait! Y-you got it wrong. This guys isn't the captain. This guy is just a useless injured person. The captain has been dead for quite You bastards. How can you even dare to deceive us?! I'll make sure you realize your mistake! Stancen! What's wrong?! What was that sound just now?! Are you okay?! How is it? Say that the useless guy standing there is your captain! Puzzle, I believe in you! You're the man who's gonna be the Pirate King! Oi, Vigaro! Wait! Captain! What're you doing?! Beat the hell out of that guy! Captain! That kid said it just now. You're this ship’s captain. In other words, you're the one worth the 100 million bounty! Although, we'll now see whether or not you live up to that bounty. Look forward to it Captain! Captain! That's right What happened to Strawhat who was here? Are you hiding him somewhere? Speak! Stancen! Captain! Why?! Turn back into the captain you used to be! Please! Come back! Oi! We're back! What the?! Sorry. We came back here after all. Strawhat-san! I thought you returned to your ship. That hurt! It's the iceberg’s fault that we're back. We didn't know which way we were headed anyway. Didn't he think about that before leaving?! I wonder Ouch! After all, finding a ship without a mark will be hard, don't you agree? Strawhat Captain-san. However, I'm really lucky that I ran into two guys with bounties like yours. Who're you anyway? Sorry about that. I'm the Atchino family's second son! Brindo-sama! Ossan, what's wrong with you? Listen to me! Listen, we took your flag and added it to the family collection. In other words, we stole the representative pirate flag of the Strawhats. What'd you say about our flag? Are they the ones that took ours too?! I don't know what that symbol means to you but, If it was stolen that easily, then you better keep an eye on your underlings, Strawhat. You. If you understand what a pirate fight is like. I assume you're ready. Where's the flag?! You're flag must now be in Lovely Land. If you want it back, you must go get it yourself. Lovely Land? So cold! What is that? You bastard! I'm sick of your "Bohoho"! Give us back our flag! The flag The pirate flag is our pride! I won't let you have it! Wait, damn it! Luffy, watch out, it's falling! Next time on One Piece: The Straw Hats' Great Plan! The Pirate Soul Risking All for the Flag! I'm gonna be the Pirate King!