Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! It's not night, but the fog's making it look so dark Yeah. Don't let your guard down. This ocean is definitely the famous Florian Triangle! There're ghosts in this ocean! There it is! THE GHOST SHIP! Going to bring Binks his drink That guy's gotta be the treasure's guard! Let's go find him! I'm simply so surprised! It's been so many years since I've seen people. But more importantly, Join our crew! Alright then. The Pleasure of Meeting People! The Gentleman Skeleton's True Feelings How do you do? I'm afraid that, while traveling, my ship ran into quite a bit of trouble! I am "Just Dead Bones" Brook! It's a pleasure to meet you! What the hell?! What is this guy?! Oh my, oh my! It's a skeleton! Oh, what a beautiful woman! Would you allow me to see your panties? Stop it, you perverted skeleton! Evil spirits, be gone You've got all your exorcism stuff! S-skeleton, y-you hurry and g-get out of here! Evil spirits be gone, evil spirits be gone Oh, it's working! Usopp, you're so cool! Of course it's working! That's 'cuz I'm a fully equipped exorcist! Evil spirit? Where? Where is it? It's you! Skeletons can't talk, or walk, or have afros! This is a dream! It's gotta be a dream! Really?! Good a dream Hello? Please wake up. Good morning! STOP THAT! Oi, Luffy! What's with this guy? Isn't he funny? He's part of our crew now. I don't care, I won't let him be! Why the hell did you guys go with him? Wasn't it to stop him from doing something like this?! Sorry It's nothing to get so worked up about. Let's go inside now. We can have dinner! You can't decide that! He's so funny! Oh, what a wonderful dining room! And the kitchen! This is such a marvelous ship! Isn't it? Yeah, that's 'cuz this super guy made it! You've really got an eye for quality. Oi, don't get attached to him, Franky. But what I'm truly looking forward to is the food. I haven't had any good food for so many years I've lived so long with these hunger pains that I feared I was just skin and bones Although I'm a skeleton and don't have any skin at all! Skull joke! Skull joke! As a gentleman, I enjoy the time spent awaiting my meal Food! Food! Food! Dinner! Dinner! Come on baby! Chef, please bring me some milk to drink! Just shut up and wait! So anyway, Korobokle Oh no, it's Brook. Oh, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I don't yet have your name? Me? I'm Luffy. So, anyway, what are you? You two didn't even ask that kinda thing?! It's done! We can get rid of the skeleton later. Right now, it's time to eat! An entire octopus meal. It looks good! Oi, Brook, make sure you eat a lot! Sanji's food's the best ever! Oh, but I'm afraid that my heart is even emptier than my stomach You My fair lady, your portion seems to be a little large. Would you care to trade? There's lots more left, so just eat your own! These octopi were in an aquarium just a little earlier? This ship is even capable of that? This truly is an amazing ship. I've never seen anything like it! Yes, let's go see it! How does he understand him? Aquarium, yay! Aquarium! Shut up and eat! Yomi-yomi no mi? yomi yomi no mi: revive-revive fruit or underworld-underworld fruit So you ate a Devil's Fruit That's correct. To tell the truth, I died once years ago. First, clean your face off. How'd you get yourself so dirty? The yomi-yomi no mi… Grants the ability to resurrect, so as a "resurrection human"… You have the promise of a second life. It's quite a mysterious ability. Resurrection human! So you get brought back to life after you die once? Yes, that's right. Excuse me. Yes, at that time, I was a pirate just like you. You're a pirate too? Yes. Oh, excuse me. I just wanna beat some manners into you Long ago On the ship I was on before, The crew I was a part of came to this sea of devils. However Unluckily for us, incredibly powerful foes appeared. Our whole crew was killed in battle. I, of course, died as well. While I lived, the yomi-yomi no mi simply made me unable to swim However, that day the fruit became more than just that! My soul Has returned from the underworld to this world! If I was able to find my body quickly, I would be revived. However, as you can see, the fog makes this sea difficult to navigate. I became lost! I searched for my body as a lost soul for an entire year. Finally, I found it! However, my body had been reduced to nothing but bones! When I saw it, my eyes widened very much in surprise Although I have no eyes! You're so stupid! You got lost just like Zoro! So that's when you became a talking skeleton? I didn't know a Devil's Fruit could even bring someone back to life But even after you come back to life, you're still unable to swim So now you're just cursed. But normally hair can't grow on bones I've never seen a skeleton with an afro before. Oh, my roots were very strong. Okay So, that means you aren't a ghost? You're human? Even though you're not really But you aren't a ghost?! Yes, I dislike ghosts myself! If I see one, I cry out in fear! You dislike ghosts? Have you ever looked in a mirror? No, not a mirror! Oi, w-wait a s-sec! You Why don't you Why don't you have a reflection in the mirror?! Vampire?! Really?! Awesome! N-now that you mention it, You don't have a shadow either! He's right! What are you really?! Why are you so calm? We're all really scared of you right now! I'll tell you this. I've been traveling this sea for so many years However, me being a skeleton and having no shadow are two unrelated matters. To be continued. No, tell us NOW! My shadow was stolen from me years ago. Your shadow? After seeing you here living and talking, I'm not really surprised by anything you say But can that really happen? Yes, it can. Having my shadow stolen from me means that I am no longer able to exist in the world's light. But you're still alive. But I can't live in the sunlight. Right now, I can live because the thick fog blocks out the sunlight. If you were to be in the sunlight, what would happen? If I were to be hit with the light of the sun My body would My body would disintegrate! If I were to be hit with the light of the sun, my body would disintegrate! Disintegrate?! Yes. I once saw Someone with this same curse disappear when bathed in sunlight It was enough to make my hair stand on end! Although I'm a skeleton. A shadow is reflected on the ground by sunlight. Therefore, I myself cannot be reflected in something like a mirror or photograph. And here I exist, unable to be in light, with all my crewmates long dead! Your life's been pretty miserable. But I lived through it all! Even though I'm just bones. I'm "Just Dead Bones" Brook! It's a pleasure to meet you! Why're you so happy? Oi oi, what's wrong? Today is such a marvelous day! I've seen people once more! For so many years I've sailed through this ocean, The fog making it so dark I couldn't even tell when the days passed All my crewmates were dead I was all alone on a ship that couldn't steer Sailing aimlessly for many, many years I was so lonely! So very lonely, And so very scared I just wanted to die But I lived on People are my happiness! All of you are my joy! I'm so happy that I would cry if I were able! You asked me to join your crew, correct? That made me very happy, thank you very much. However, I must refuse your offer. WHY?! As I told you before, my shadow was stolen, and I am unable to return to the light of the world. Right now I'm being protected by the fog of this devils' sea. However, If I were to leave this ocean with you, it would only be a matter of time before my body disappeared. I'll stay here, waiting for the joyous day when I can regain my shadow! What are you going on about?! If you need your shadow, I'll get it back for you. You said someone stole it, right? Who was it? Where is he? You are a very kind person. I'm surprised However, I won't tell you. I can't tell you, who I've just met, to go and die for me. You think the thief's too strong? That's fine, but can't you at least tell us his name? No, I cannot. You may find him if I do! I don't know if I will find him before my second life is over. If I do find him, I've decided I will fight him, but That aside Let's sing a song. Music is my pride! I was the musician on my crew. Really?! You're a musician?! Then you've REALLY gotta join our crew! Let's sing a fun song together! Oi, what? What's wrong? G-g-ghost! There's something there! I'm scared, there's a ghost! Cool! I'm getting out of here! Why're we shaking? What a thing to happen! Those guys're watching this ship?! Please look! This ship is being blocked! This is what caused that shaking! What is it? Oi, did we get eaten by a monster? What is it? This is the back of the gate Gate? So that means! Look at the back of the ship! What is it? Did you, perhaps, pick up a floating barrel? Ah! There's something floating out there! Gift to the Sea God You're right! Maybe it's treasure that fell from a treasure ship? Yosh! It's open! We did! Of course That was a trap! This ship has been targeted since then. Targeted? What d'you mean? We've been right here the whole time Why is there an island there? That is the wandering ghost island Thriller Bark. Thriller Bark. But, just where did that skeleton go to? A-aren't you increasing the speed a bit too much, Nami?! Don't underestimate my skills! They're the best in the world! N-Nami, don't you think we shouldn't be going far in this sea?! I didn't think about that! Next time on One Piece: Mystery After Mystery! Landing on Thriller Bark I'm gonna be the Pirate King!