Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! It doesn't matter what kind of pain the phoenix goes through, it'll certainly be reborn! And then, it'll be born even stronger! I I'm sorry everyone. I was a foolish captain who couldn't live up to the expectations of my irreplaceable friend. But But, I'll show it to Vigaro once again! Our flag fluttering again over that sea! Hey! Give back our flag! It seems Luffy came to retrieve the flag after all. That's right! It's over! No, we might still be able to do something. You're right. I don't know how Luffy found out about the flag matter but, He didn't actually see how the flag was stolen. That's right. That's why, we still might have a chance! I know where the flag was taken. Leave it to me. Alright! As expected from Robin! We were wrong in trusting that marimo. Promise me that you'll become my sister. If you do, I'll release you. You destroyed our Atchino family! You were the one who took our flag in the first place, Naked Balloon! So what, stupid brat?! I'll kick your ass right away to get our flag back! Red Hot Decisive Match! Luffy vs. the Scorching Don A Devil's Fruit user, huh? It's been a while since I had to personally go hunt a pirate. You should be grateful, Strawhat. Don Atchino. So he's the boss of the bounty hunters. He has the Atsu Atsu fruit ability! Is the sudden increase in temperature his fault? You're gonna kick my ass? Come to think of it, many pirates have come before me repeating that same speech. Do you know what happened to them? Every single one of them! Gomu Gomu no You should listen to what people have to say until the very end. Pistol Everything I touch melts down. You still intend to win? Gomu Gomu no Ono Hot! Luffy's attacks aren't working! Even though he hasn't touched him yet. Bastard! Gomu Gomu no Gatling You still don't get it? Luffy! You can't lay a finger on me. Damn! I can't hit him as long as he's hot! Now then, let's slip, slip and slip! I can even do this! The steam that is being released at the end of my feet melts the ice and allows my body to float a little. Amazing! Looks fun! What is he? Let's slip, slip, slip! I have a new opinion of the Atsu Atsu ability now. As expected from someone worth 300 million beri. You're quite good. You're quite good. What's good?! But, the real show starts now! What the? Atsugeshou Atsugeshou: Thick Structure I can't see anything! What is he planning to do?! Atsu Dougi Atsu Dougi: Heat Motion Our flag is inside that house. Jiro, let's go! B-but! Luffy will be fine. Wait! I like children. But Only if they're my own! Chopper! Hey! Naked Balloon! Don't get so impatient. I'll fight you right now. How about I finish this? Shishi Shishi: Limbs Pile On L-Luffy! Damn! I can't let Papa get any angrier. Anyhow, Strawhat is Papa's hunt right now. At least, I'll take care of this 100 million guy. I'll take you to calm Papa a little! Unfortunately, a bounty hunter like you Can't take me down! Puzzle You might be fighting equally with me, but The battle's winner will be decided soon. They're freezing our bodies to death! So cold! You! And you call yourselves Phoenix pirates?! Even if you say so! Well then, Shall I take that head of yours now? That hurt, damn it! You're unharmed?! It was incredibly hot, but But I was able to cool down thanks to the ice! I see. Then this time, I'll surely take care of you so I don't have to hear that cheeky speech of yours! I'll completely melt you down in an instant! Netsuryou Up Netsuryou: Temperature That smoke is amazing! It's not smoke! In short, I'll be fine as long as I don't touch you, right? Gomu Gomu no Bazooka Alright! He did it! Amazing! Luffy! This isn't time to celebrate. If the situation stays like this, Luffy will soon recover the flag! This is bad! This is bad! He'll find out that they stole the flag from us! What is Robin doing?! Damn you, Strawhat! If I prevent you from using that troublesome chain You'll be done for. These things intend to paralyze our bodies by freezing them and then taking care of us! Damn! Bastards! Men! Gather for a moment to keep our bodies warm! H-how disturbing. No way, I don't like to be close like this. Idiot. I don't like this either. Men, you know what to do, don't you?! Let's go, we must start our attack now! You're right, Commander Stancen! That's the spirit. Puzzle, prepare yourself! That would be you! Where was the flag taken? Let's go! Yeah! You're indeed the first man who made me exert this much, Strawhat. You still want to fight? And, the first one to really make me mad! Netsuryou Up Atsuyaki Tamago Atsuyaki Tamago: Thick Fried Egg Don Atchino! Strawhat. Since there's no sign of Robin-chan, We have no other choice but to retrieve the flag ourselves! That's right! We should get it before Luffy does! I'll keep an eye on Luffy! Proceed according to the plan! Yosh! Are you alright, Jiro? Sorry to have you worried all this time. I wasn't worried at all. That aside, let's hurry and get our flag! Yeah. Let's recover the pride of our Phoenix pirate crew! Yosh! Captain! Big trouble! Our ship is getting away by itself! What?! Leave the ship to us! You go with Jiro! I'm counting on you, Stancen! Let's move on, Jiro! Yes. You're one fast running fella. But, it's over for you, Strawhat! Take this! Atsu Atsu no Gatling What?! He's fast! The size and speed of those balls haven't changed, oi! Hurry and get out of there, Luffy! That surprised me! I don't care about your bounty anymore! I'll turn you into steam after I melt you down! Steam worth 300 million would be great, don't you agree, Strawhat? I'm not a sauna, Naked Balloon! I'll erase you from this world, Strawhat! It's all your fault. It's because of you that my cute daughter and sons have! I'll never forgive you! The temperature is rapidly increasing. Is it because of his Atsu Atsu fruit ability? That's not all though Oi, Sanji! Franky is gone! Where did that guy go to?! Forget him! He knows pretty well what to do! This is definitely the Doom Penguins doing! Damn! They even destroyed the boat to prevent us from following them! They're getting revenge for what we did to their nakama. Can these penguins get more annoying?! The captain and the others will surely recover the flag! But, if there isn't a ship to put it on, Then all of the effort would be meaningless! Commander Stancen! Please, Robin-oneechan! Please say that you'll stay with me from now on. Promise me that you won't go anywhere. I can't do that, Lil. Robin-chan! Robin! Why don't you do as I say?! Is that kid controlling them? Then, I'll smack her a little! I won't let you lay a hand on a lady. She has many bodyguards. Get away from Robin-chan, stupid flower! I'm also going! Are your nakama that important? Yes, we want to recover the flag. The Strawhat crew flag? Papa is happy to have it added to his collection, but I don't really care much about it. Yes, it's true that for other people they might not be that important. But For pirates like us, it means more than our lives. We definitely can't afford to lose it. Is that flag really that?! This is bad! Papa has become really mad! H-help m! I won't go into details, but If you eat him, you'll have a stomach ache later. Hissatsu Kayaku Boshi Lil! It's alright now. Robin-oneechan! If anything were to happen to you, your big sister will be sad. You're the most cute and precious thing she has. Isn't it? You're not alone. Love your family. Could this be! Gear Second You're heading to the New World?! Yeah. After I get back the flag. I won't let you. I've already decided to melt all of your efforts. I've already decided to go! After I beat the hell out of you, I'm heading there! Gomu Gomu no Jet Pistol Found it! Hot! Zoro! Zoro! I'd rather die before letting go! Our pirate pride! C-Captain I Nice job, Jiro. Atsu to Odoruka Hana Jetto Atsu to Odoruka Hana Jetto: Surprising and Hot Nose Jet Chopper! Everyone! I managed to get it back! We made it in time. We did it, Nami-san! Now, Luffy won't make fun of! Oi! What's with that flag! What's this?! What happened?! Looks like we're back to where we started. Didn't Robin, Sanji and the others make it in time? Could it be, they're inside?! You destroyed my beloved family! My Lovely Land! And even my precious collection! I'll definitely take care of you with my own hands! Atsu Atsu ability Full Power! Saidai Netsujou, 10,000 °C! Saidai Netsujou: Maxi mun Ardour You're still getting hotter?! It'll take place on the "Winter Island" I got an announcement for everyone! Our meeting with Chopper has become a movie! The Story of Luffy and the Others Meeting with Chopper Theme Song : [Good-Bye] Dreams Come True One Piece: Winter's Bloom, The Miraculous Sakura Episode Chopper + Winter's Bloom, The Miraculous Sakura Public Release on March 3 Starting from December 15 tickets in advance will be sold at the theater window!! Chara Beri A or B Set Character & Beri Coin!! Character beri prints are currently on sale! Moreover, these 100 beri holds a surprising secret!!! Moreover These 100 beri hold a surprising secret!!! Check the home page right away! What an incredible battle is taking place?! Oi, Luffy! You better not lose! Next Time In one Piece: Waiting in the New World! Farewell to the Brave Pirates I'm gonna be the Pirate King!