Don't!!! I'm not lying! Damn! I'm not lying! Damn! I'm not lying! Damn! Those pirates are really gonna attack, right? Those pirates are really gonna attack, right? Those pirates are really gonna attack, right? Those pirates are really gonna attack, right? Those pirates are really gonna attack, right? Those pirates are really gonna attack, right? There's no doubt that they'll be coming. There's no doubt that they'll be coming. There's no doubt that they'll be coming. There's no doubt that they'll be coming. There's no doubt that they'll be coming. There's no doubt that they'll be coming. But everyone thinks that it's all a hoax. But everyone thinks that it's all a hoax. I love this village and want to protect everyonel I love this village and want to protect everyone! I love this village and want to protect everyone! I love this village and want to protect everyone! Alright, we will lend you a hand. Alright, we will lend you a hand. Alright, we will lend you a hand. They are the Kurahadol's band of pirates! They are the Kurahadol's band of pirates! They are the Kurahadol's band of pirates! They are the Kurahadol's band of pirates! Scared, of course I am. Scared, of course I am. So what of it? We are not laughing. lf it was sympathy, would we put our lives at risk? lf it was sympathy, would we put our lives at risk? BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! BATTLE! THE KURONEKO PIRATE CREW BATTLE ON THE SLOPE! Listen! They're pIanning to attack the viIlage tomorrow morning from this very coast However, this is the only route that leads to the viIlage. However, this is the only route that leads to the village. The rest are cliffs. There's no other way to attack. ln other words, if we hold firm to this slope ln other words, if we hold firm to this slope ln other words, if we hold firm to this slope The village won't be attacked. I see that sounds simple. Talking's easy, but we'll need true strength for the battle. What're you guys capable of? Slicing! Stretching! Thieving! l'll be hiding! You will be fighting!! Just Joking, I'll back you guys up. Kurahadol-san, welcome back. Kurahadol-san, welcome back. Kurahadol-san, welcome back. Where is ojousama? She's already asleep. She appeared to be exhausted. Still, I never would've thought of such a thing to happen while I was away. That young man named Usopp is a real troublemaker. He even claimed that you were a pirate. Such a ridiculous idea. It surely is This is? That's a present from ojousama to you. That's a present from ojousama to you. It has been 3 long years since you've been a part of this house. It's an anniversary gift. It's an anniversary gift. Anniversary It seems your glasses slip quite frequently, so ojousama had this custom-made for you. She is really attentive and considerate. She is really attentive and considerate. Speaking of anniversaries, tomorrow will certainly be a day to remember. It's a crescent moon tonight, isn't it? A night like this makes my chest throb harder and my blood boil for excitement. Kurahadol-san! What do you think you're doing with ojousama's present? I have accepted the present. I have accepted the present. But that's not just that, it's everything in this mansion! W what are you talking about? W what are you talking about? W what are you talking about? There's no more need for me to continue this act. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. In a few hours, an unexpected accident will occur. These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! These 3 years have been way too long! Ojousama, RUN!!!. Captain Jango! lt's almost dawn. Please wake up, Captain Jango! Capt', good morning! Good morning! Idiots! ''Good morning'', in my book, should only be said during mornings! He seems to be in a foul mood. He seems to be in a foul mood. Maybe 'coz he just woke up. Take a look! The moon's still high up in the sky, so it's still midnight. Rememeber that clearly! We're wrong, please forgive us! As long as you get it Everyone, mornin'! Everyone, mornin'! Everyone, mornin'! Everyone, mornin'! Everyone, mornin'! Everyone, mornin'! Isn't saying ''mornin' '' contradicting yourself? Moron! This just means that Capt' is in a good mood now, that's all! I see. Don't use the back of your head when talking to people! Comrades! Time to go!! Good it's perfect! Now they can't get up this slope. Now they can't get up this slope. The oil covered all over should do the job. After they slip on the oil, we jump in and wipe them all out. Oil, eh Anyways, all we need to do is defend this slope! But we should be careful not to slip on it ourselves. Or else it'd be like getting trapped in quicksand. You're kinda smart coming up with this trap! Of course I am! I have complete confidence in myself with my traps and shooting pachinko! It's almost damn! They'll be coming. We're here! We're here! Okay! Comrades, listen now! Comrades, listen now! Comrades, listen now! Comrades, listen now! Comrades, listen now! Comrades, listen now! Let's get out there and do this! Captain, there're two unidentified ships over there! What? Should we investigate? Leave it alone. It's not like it's a ship full of treasure. Don't screw up the plan! Understood! You guys, hurry up and get going! Not here yet? And it's such a nice day too. What do you think happened? Maybe they overslept? No way. They'll definitely come. They're just a little late. Hey you guys I'm not sure if it's just me hearing things But, there seems to be people shouting somewhere. I can definitely hear them alright. Now that you mention it Hey, what wrong? There's an exact same slope up north! Don't tell me Maybe we're at the wrong coast? Because they met on this coast, I assumed they'd come from this side. Hey, then we oughta hurry or they'll attack the village! Where's that coast? Head straight north from here and it should take you about 3 minutes. The Iandscape is very similar to this one. We just need to stop them from climbing up the slope, but Don't worry, we'll make it somehow. Oh crap! The north coast that you mentioned is where our ship is anchored! All of my treasures will be taken! l can be there in less than 20 seconds! Damn! I came up with such a great plan for nothing! My treasures Hey! What're you doing? Let's go! We've gotta hurry Help me! I'm slipping! Get your hands off, you idiot! Sorry. In that case I'll go on ahead! In that case I'll go on ahead! In that case I'll go on ahead! Sorry, it's 'coz my treasures are in danger. You'll have to find a way on your own! That woman is unforgivable! I can't let them get to the village! But that Luffy sure is quick. He disappeared in an instant. Head straight north Head straight north Head straight north! Whoever dares to lay a hand on my treasures is Unforgivable! What? There's someone up there! It's you! My name is Captain Usopp! I've been waiting for quite a while! I'm fully prepared for battle! If you don't want to die then leave this place! What's going on?! Why am I the first one here? That guy should have been here ahead of me. CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Damn!!! l can't get past this..! Why am I out of the village? That's weird. He did say north, so I ran to where it's cooler. You're that guy from the other day The kid who eavesdropped on our conversation. What do you plan to do? I'm warning you, retreat immediately! Otherwise, my 100 million men will dispose of all of you! Hey now, does he think he's dealing with kids here? What?! 100 million men? Incredible! He's obviously lying Capt'! How can you believe him so easily? Crap, they saw through it. He'd actually thought that we'd buy that. You, how dare you try to deceive me! Captain Jango, there's a problem! I see, that's bad. No, it's not bad news. We found lots of treasures on that ship! It's very valuable. It's worth 40 no, 50 million beli! What?! Why do they have so much on their ship? Those treasure are mine! I'll give it to you! What? You're giving it to us? That's right! In return for the treasure, will you now please retreat! Now he wants to bribe us with money. What a despicable guy. Are you stupid? We are pirates. Of course we'll accept these treasures! However, there's no reason for us to leave. That's a little too After I say, ''One, Two, Jango!'', you will move out of the way. It's that weapon back when It,s that weapon back when One! Two! Jun..! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! Stop making up nonsense! That hurts!!! Wh who is that woman?! Captain! This is no time to be hypnotized and moving out of your own way! The treasures on that ship are all mine! I won't let you even have a single beli! You'd better put everything back where it was! That really hurts! How can you just hand over my treasures?! Couldn't you have just told me that? What are you talking about? I saved you! I forgot to tell you, but you should never stare at that ring! He's a hypnotist! Hy hypnotist? So, where's Luffy? Wasn't he the first one here? Beats me. Either he's still on the way or he got lost somewhere. He's probably lost then. Geez at such a critical moment too! I'd better just give out orders. You go attack, while I cover you. Hey, why does it have to be me?! How can I fight such a large group? I'm just a weak girl! If you're expecting a man, don't look at me! I'm so scared that even my legs are rattling see! So what! I'm so afraid that I'm almost bursting into tears. Your eyes are completely dry! If you're gonna lie, at least make one that's believable. You have no right to say that! We have no time to fool around with them. Get rid of 'em, immediately! To the village, my comrades! They're coming! Oh yeah, I've got some caltrops. You've got some good stuff in there. Gimme, gimme! Just you watch! Caltrops! Eat this! Damn, that Nami! Absolutely unforgivable! I made it! Where is that north coast? Head straight north Head straight north Head straight north! Which way's north?! Great, it's working! Now! SATSU SHOOTING STAR! (Satsu: Kill) Bastards! Not bad Keep it up, okay? I'm gonna take a short break. Hey, you haven't fought anyone yet! Hey, you haven't fought anyone yet! What's wrong? There are caltrops back here, too. Are you a moron? How did they end up back there?! You're a hindrance! Did you really think you could stop us? Let's go everyone! Captain Kuro's waiting! What's up with this guy? Let go of me! You bastard! Let go of me! Damn you bastard! Bastard! This slope I can't let you beyond it. Because I'd like to keep lying as I've always done in the past. This village will enjoy another day of peace like any other day. That's why I can never let you pass! Shut up, you fool! Why you That hurts! You Will you stop this nonsense already. Hey, you guys! Just forget about 'em. Hurry up and get going! Or have you forgotten Captain Kuro's plan? lf anything goes wrong with the plan We'll all be killed! Understand?! You bunch of imbeciles! Hey Yeah, let's hurry to the village! Stop Damn! Stop! Stop! Don't go to the village! Shut up! Stop please Please don't kill them I love this village I want to protect it! Wh what's with all this, Captain Jango? I never heard that there were such people in this village! They're finally here. What's all the ruckus? How should I know? But I'm still pissed off. Nami! How dare you trample me down the slope! Usopp, you bastard! You didn't tell me which way was north! Who are they? They're late. Those bastards Should clearly understand what'd happen if my plan were to be disrupted. Yet still they take their sweet time. If they forget the consequences I will kill them all! That's Kurahadol from the mansion alright. Why is he heading towards the coast so early in the morning?