THE MOST WICKED MAN OF EAST BLUE! ARLONG OF THE MERMEN CREW! THE MOST WICKED MAN OF EAST BLUE! ARLONG OF THE MERMEN CREW! The weather's wonderful! So the Grand Line's over in that direction? Or is it over this way? This way? That way? l'm so psyched! l'm so psyched! Shut up can't you pipe down a bit? Shut up can't you pipe down a bit? Shut up can't you pipe down a bit? Sorry, my bad. Sorry, my bad. Sorry, my bad. We finally got a chef on our crew! Now to find Nami, so we can finally head for the Grand Line! Nami-san! Nami-san! Just thinking about her inexplicable beauty makes me jump for joy! l sure would like to see her again soon! Hey Yosaku, we're almost there, right? The island where Nami is at? The island where Nami is at? You're too naive! Way too naive! Don't you get it?! Don't you get it?! We are getting closer and closer to Arlong's base! At that time, Nami-aneki's eyes were studying Arlong's picture carefully. Things aren't as simple as they seem! Nami-aneki wants to take that 2 million beli that's on Arlong's head! While we're taking it easy here, She could, for all we know, have already snuck into Arlong's base! lt's about time for lunch, don't you think? Yeah. Don't tell me you've never heard of Arlong?! Arlong? Who's that? Never Hold it right there! Guess I'll have to explain who Arlong is to you guys! Guess I'll have to explain who Arlong is to you guys! Arlong is a merman, who's already been to the Grand Line. Arlong is a merman, who's already been to the Grand Line. Arlong is a merman, who's already been to the Grand Line. A merman? A merman, eh Never seen one before. Never seen one before. Come to think of it, l've heard that there's a merman island at the Grand Line. And that there are lots of gorgeous mermaids there! And that there are lots of gorgeous mermaids there! Those mermen do they look anything like this? That's a masterpiece you got there! Couldn't you guys be more serious here?! That's a masterpiece you got there! Couldn't you guys be more serious here?! Couldn't you guys be more serious here?! Fine, I'll start again from the top! Fine, I'll start again from the top! The reason why the Grand Line's called the pirate's grave, Is because there are three superpowers that exist there. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. One of them, is the Shichibukai. Shichibukai? ln plain terms, they are seven pirates whom are acknowledged by the government. What the hell does that mean? Why would pirates be acknowledged by the government? Because the Shichibukai would give a fixed percentage of the treasure they get to the government. Because the Shichibukai would give a fixed percentage of the treasure they get to the government. Because the Shichibukai would give a fixed percentage of the treasure they get to the government. To other pirates, they're just government dogs. But they're powerful! The man who defeated Zoro, Hawk Eyes Mihawk is one of them. Wow! That's amazing! There are seven of them like him? The Shichibukai are really something! The Shichibukai are really something! Among the Shichibukai is a merman, Jinbei, who's the captain of a mermen crew. And the guy who fought alongside Jinbei in the Grand Line, Is a most wicked, devastating pirate Arlong! Kinda like this? That's just like the other one, only this one's standing. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. Ever since Arlong came to the East Blue, he's already overturned over 20 villages. His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! His power is far beyond Don Krieg! So then, why would Nami-san run off to someone like that, alone? As l said, she's after the bounty on Arlong's head. No, Nami-san might just be a mermaid herself! l mean, she's totally cute! Like this? Do you have a death wish?! Do you have a death wish?! Don't you guys understand what l'm trying to say here? Yeah, that they're really strong mermen, right? l get the picture. No, you don't understand! You have no idea how powerful the mermen really are We'll find out once we get there. So don't worry. Alright, let's get ready for lunch. Right on, lunchtime! Lunch?! Whatche guys want? l want meat on the bone! l want fried beans! Alrighty leave it to me. I'll make it in a jiffy. So meat and fried beans Having a chef onboard is sure great! Yeah! Meat, l want a big chunk of it! l want a big bowl of mine, too! l want a big bowl of mine, too! l want a big bowl of mine, too! l'm finally back again My hometown Here's this month's. Take it. Arlong-kun, you think differently compared to those normal pirates. You sure know how the real world works. That makes the both of us. As long as you're willing to be my comrade here in the East Blue, then you'll be sure to get lots of great things in return. For understanding that, you're quite a perceptive one for a captain of the marines. l'm much obliged. Don't be so modest. You can only live a good life if you've got the dough. Money's the best. Nothing's more dependable than money. Don't you think so? Of course Even though I hate humans, a perceptive one like you is an exception. Even though I hate humans, a perceptive one like you is an exception. Well then, I'd like to bid leave now. Why don't you relax a bit, have another drink or two before you go? A patrolling marine cruiser stopping at a pirate island won't look too good. I'll kill anybody who dares to report on you. That's fine, I have to go now. Hey, the Captain's leaving! Take him to his ship. Yes! Hop in my 'octopus pot' behind me. Oh, thank you. But you know, every time I look at you, your face looks more and more amusing. Kinda like a mouse! Hey Hachi, watch your tongue! The Captain's our VIP! Oh, right, I'm sorry. No, it's alright. Alright, let's go! All these mermen look so disgusting. But they've got the money though. Hey you, get out of my way! I'm here to kill Arlong! My dad was murdered by him! If you don't move, I'll kill you too! Arlong doesn't have the time to deal with punks like you! If you understand, just get lost! Take that and go take care of yourself. Damnit! Oh, you're back, Nami! You sure have been gone for a while. How was the trip this time? Quite productive, I managed tons. I can't believe there are so many idiots out there! Take a look yourself. You're sure the best at backstabbing others! Well I must admit Hey crew, Nami has returned! Get ready to celebrate! It's Nami! Nami's back! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO W-We're finally here Arlong Park! This is it? The base of the merman pirate, Arlong, who survived the Grand Line. Is Nami really in there? Firstly, if Nami-aneki is really here, then we should be able to find the Going Merry. So shall we check if it's really anchored at this island first? Yeah, w-we should. Prepare to rush in! W-Why would we do that? You moron! We don't know anything about this place! Our opponents are mermen! We should plan out everything first! Sorry, but I don't do those cowardly things! Luffy has asked me to bring that woman back. I don't care who the opponents are, but I'll surely get her back! No thanks Let's go! There it is, found it! It's the Going Merry! But why would it be over there? So Nami-aneki is definitely here What's the meaning of this? Untie me! This part's to the east of Arlong park, Kokoyashi Village. But this is weird, why would she anchor so far away from the park? Untie me, damnit! You got deadly wounds all over you. So just sit there quietly and rest! I'll handle the rest. Why I'm gonna kill you one of these days! I'll bring that woman back! Just because we're not at Arlong Park, he sure is taking everything in stride Prepare anchor! Head towards the Going Merry! Yosh Now it's time for me to name my adventure to this uncharted island. The title will be, ''The Great Adventures of Captain Usopp''! Is everything okay? Mermen! Full speed ahead! Aye, Capt'! Aye' Capt'! Why don't we dock here?! Didn't you see? There were mermen over there! They're Arlong's men!! You can't blame me! You don't have the right to be mad! This area must've already been controlled by Arlong. What should we do now? Yosh, let's just say that we couldn't get Nami back. Hurry up and untie me, idiot! Never seen that ship before. Kinda suspicious Abandon ship! Agreed! Hold on you two! Farewell! Hey, at least untie me! What? Only one guy? Maybe he just drifted here from somewhere. You can say so I'll definitely kill 'im next time! I see I guess the injury came from the crew of this ship torturing you. Anyways, let,s bring him to Arlong-san before anything else. Forgive me, Zoro I'll inform Luffy that you were courageous to the bitter end. You unfortunate soul! I'll never forget you, Zoro-aniki! Now, let's get to land first. Alright. I think this place is called Gosa village. W-What happened to this place? I heard that Arlong had attacked this place a couple of weeks ago. A-All the buildings are upside-down. I heard that mermen have 10 times the strength of a human! Does this exemplify the power of the men who've survived the Grand Line? But how did the road turn out this way? A monster called Mohmoo did this. Monster? Don't tell me they've got a monster too? We got him from the Grand Line. Oh, from the Grand Line ''W-e''..? You must be a friend of the guy who drifted here! See ye! See ye! Stop right there! No way! Almost got nabbed there Almost got nabbed there Do your best. Usopp-aniki, I'll stay here and wait for Yosaku and Luffy-aniki's arrival! Even if you're a merman, it's not like you can catch up to me on land! I'm used to this kind of stuff! Catch me if you can! What the..? Got you, merman! I'll kill you now to avenge my father's death! Don't fight the mermen! Have you forgotten? This village, Gosa Village, was obliterated because somebody went against those mermen. What..? He looks like a merman, but he's in fact human. Just a tad different.. . What do you mean ''Just a tad''?! Where are you? Over here? He's coming! Merman! This time it's the real thing. Stand back! I, Captain Usopp, will protect you! If it's just this one foe, I can do something about it. Take this, SATSU NAMARIBOSHI..! Everyone's the same I already told him not to pick a fight with the mermen, or we'll all get killed! What's wrong? There's a man with a long nose. Which way did he go? That way! That way, huh? Hurry, bring him to my place. Man, it looks delicious! Let me see! Okay, should be about ready Mohmoo! Lunchtime, Mohmoo! What happened to him? He should be really hungry by now. Where did he go? Nothing less from Sanji-san, this is delicious! I don't care about you guys, I just want to be able to cook for Nami-san as soon as possible. It'd be great if we can all dine together again. Hopefully, along with Nami-aneki. We definitely will, 'coz she's our navigator. She'll be going to the Grand Line with us! That's mine! But, you just had one! Let me have this one. But, that's still mine! Just this one shouldn't be such a big deal! Just this one shouldn't be such a big deal! No, give that back! Have some beans. Have some beans. That meat is mine! That meat is mine! No! Give it back! Go have some of my beans. Give it to me, please. Stop shaking the ship you bastards! I almost wasted some fine wine there. Hurry and open the gates! We've found a suspicious man! I'll ask you once more What's your purpose here? Like I said, I'm here to find a woman You half-fish bastard! Oh, this low-life human got guts. I'll let that slip this time. But you're not allowed to say that ever again! Us Mermen are evolved beings who can breathe under water. Whit these fish abilities, we are superior to humans. With merely the power we behold is proof that we are far better than humans. You better get this in your head, the most superior beings on earth are not humans, but us mermen! If humans were to go against us, it'd be defying the laws of nature! I have gotten sick and tired of your theory, Arlong! Why are you so serious, Nami? You're special. You're our greatest cartographer! You never fail to draw the most accurate maps for me. Our brain compositions are different, so it's obvious why I can. Hey Nami! What does he mean by ''our greatest cartographer''? Why are you so close to this guy? What? You guys know each other? Don't be ridiculous! He's just another victim. I gained a lot of loot from them. You don't even realize that you've been deceived. And you still come chasing after me. You're just plain stupid. So is this your true nature? And to think that you hated pirates Surprised? Everything was an act. You'll understand better after seeing this This is..! I am part of this invincible crew An officer of Arlong's crew!