Duel in the ruins! Zoro Vs Erik! It is cool Nami! Come to see that! The pirate boat. He, I see an island under this light! We must direct the boat over there. Why didn't you say me that you had found Sennenryu? That the principal fleet puts the course on the Gunkan island. How all the vessels install! That arranges Nami well, they is the guys who make all the job! He you! Push a little more! Stop of you foutre us, species of One finally arrived! One is always alive? Ouais, one would say well. It is what that? What is it? Wahou! What a large hut! It is what this drawing? A plan would be said. Ouais but one cannot read any more what is drawn with this crumbling. Where are we thus? One should not be in the nest of the dragons? I do not know. You think what of it, Apis? I do not know. Ryuji says that it does not know either. Good blood! It always arrives to us of arrange! How that? What it is true! And one should have done what for you then? For me? He, look at that the guy! A piece of the ceiling fell here. It is immense! He, pay to This place is ready to crumble! If one does not hurry one all will be in danger. Let us drive the camp from here as fast as possible. But, it is perhaps here the nest of the dragons! Ah really, y' however does not have dragons at the horizon! Wait one minute What is there, Nami-San? This is perhaps not Lost Island. You see? Do not make your malignant whereas you do not even know why! How you know it Nami? Look at the ceiling. Drawings of the ceiling? Look at attentively. It is a plan which shows the direction of Lost Island. This island where there is a building with a cupola It is the island where one is. And this building it is this dome. That resembles it bloody. And people around the island must be the inhabitants of the island it is very a long time. Perhaps well ancestors of Apis. My ancestors? You remember of what Pépé Bokuden said? Not. I slept. He said that the inhabitants of the Gunkan island came from another island, that returns to you? Good Ah? Ah, now that I ouais think of it, he said a trick like that. Then the royal dynasty about which he did speak found on this island? Surely. Statues and paintings of dragons were seen when we arrived here. I think that the inhabitants of the island considered Sennenryu like Gods. A long ago, Sennenryu flew probably here. Really? Thus y' has little chance that the nest of dragons is here. But then where is it? Perhaps that it is this island with the drawing of a dragon. Exactly! There is an island drawn in front of the people who request, not truth? It is probably true Lost Island. Thus the nest of the dragons would be certainly over there. But Wait one second! This drawn island it is Yes If one looks at his position on the plan, the nest of the dragons must be on the Gunkan island. Wait. You said that there was no nest of dragons on the Gunkan island! But it is however what this plan says! You think that the old ones drew that without reason? It rightly, load of cretins! It is impossible that Nami-San is wrong! That means that it is some share on this island. One will be sure once over there. But I have the presentiment which it was absorbed under the sea. It is certainly what occurred. That would explain why nobody still found it. Apis? Ryuji! Remember, Ryuji! Where is the nest of the dragons? We thought of having found it but there is nothing here, besides these frescos. Ryuji! Look at these drawings! Does that point out something to you? We do not have any precise place where to go unless you do not remember it! Please! Remember the place, Ryuji! Ryuji! Ok! I believe well that the nest of the dragons is on the Gunkan island. How do you know it, Luffy? Like that You are right. Ryuji remembers it now. In the East of the top, in a place resembling a combat ship the nest of the dragons is. Good blood! One arrived here despite everything the dangers and here what arrives. Afflicted I knew that their nest could be absorbed at sea, and I all took on board you here to find it. It was wasted time. Let us go, there is still hope. Who knows, the nest of the dragons is perhaps in an unexplored place! But one cannot the knowledge without have sought it! It is true! It is not your style to be a defaitist, Apis. If you are afraid to make errors, you will not arrive at nothing in the life. The ways which one crosses are not all bad. Friends On the way! Ryuji will not be able to recover if we remain here, not truth? Thank you! There is a problem, Zoro? Somebody us épie. He is up there. Thousand mercies for the explanations, now I know where is the nest of the dragons. It is still you? But it would be a great loss if it were under the sea. Then I will take Sennenryu with me. Not question! We do not know yet if the nest of the dragons is under the ocean! He said that he had the capacities of the fruit Kama Kama. Why does one discuss with a similar zigoto? The fruit Kama Kama? He ate a Fruit of the Demon? Luffy? Take Ryuji and brings it on the boat. I would join you later. Included/understood! Euh on the boat? I do not see an exit. Then One makes a news of it. Not possible I was persuaded that I could pulverize it. And here is the exit! It is impec now! On the way, Apis! It is as terrifying as a cave man. Out of the question. Luffy! Cretin! Release from here before it is too late! Sorry Oh. Wahoo! It is coool!! It is incredible how one always sometimes happens to leave oneself there. One is not yet drawn from business, cretin! It is too easy! Cretin, you will regret it being to you put on my road! One will see well who will regret it. I became the fastest man of the world! It is judicious to impress which? Luffy! Do something! One will be disintegrated before to have reached the boat! Worry you! Worry you! How that? It was what this trick? I break, cretin. I do not have time to lose with you. My only objective is to recover Sennenryu! Wait! I hope that they of it are drawn. He! You believe that Zoro is well? Hein? Of course! But this guy ate a Fruit of the Demon! He will not be able to gain also extremely is he! Even with that, all will go well! Luffy! Right in front! Right in front! Oh it is not good that. That I know it well! Do something! They are over there. Afflicted, I cannot let you pass. It is what you believe? It is me which decides if I pass or not. Out of my sight! Bastard, it is not that which will stop me! I had said it to you that I would not let myself pass. Not a gesture! Luffy There is still another dead end in front! It will be exploded! It is impossible! It is the cliff on which we are ridden. If you do that, one will fall over edge and one all will die! One can perhaps fly over it? One cannot fly!! I believed to have said to you to remain out of my way. Now die like a good sort! I believe that one will leave oneself there. Really? I must say that considering the chance that one types oneself today One arrived. You prepare, one from goes away! I can about it more. Draft! I will kill it! Luffy! Zoro! He says that Zoro is in danger! What will one make? We must help it! Die! Zoro! Bingo! Incredible! Luffy I hallucinate By here! I do not may find it beneficial to run up against the boat!!! Ah, sorry. One from these four, I really will kill you. Shit. I cannot let them leave! Oh One is outside! Outside! That makes me very odd What? It is them? Chief, they have Sennenryu and they put the course on the Gunkan island. That one goes back to their continuation, immediately! Yes! Still a thing, Major! Erik-San returned too and it goes up in this moment on the boat. What a band of goods to nothing! They could have run its boat It is nothing! Excel report/ratio! I see that you are healthy and except. Did you find these Ryukotsu which you seek? Instead of blaguer, leave to their continuation! They try to catch up with us! But they will never have us! Compared with the famous navires de guerre of the Navy, the Vogue-Merry can sail more quickly, but What will one make arrived at the Gunkan island once? Worry you! How that? As long as one finds the nest of the dragons in first And what one gives Ryuji on foot, it is essence, not? It will not be so easy. The island must be absorbed under the ocean. Then one will seek under water! You forgotten ace that you strokes like an anvil. For all, it is necessary to leave from here as fast as possible! We should not waste time with the Navy. Nami-San! I do not believe that it will be possible. Cooool! It is terrible! A floating waste-gas main would be said. The small fish entered our nets! How all the ships are put in range! Akuyoku Formation! How can they be so numerous? Good blood how much ships they have in the Navy? Take care that no fish escapes to us! Connect together all the vessels with chains to form an impenetrable wall! What do they make? One is taken with the trap! One will board their ships, their foutre a beating and to break these chains. It is the only solution. Super! You can really do that Usopp? Ahead! Luffy! Zoro! Sanji! I suspected well. It is not a so bad idea. Be serious for you? It does not matter the number of guy whom they have All will be well, Apis. That passes or that breaks. But made that quickly, Ok? Let make us, Nami-San. Ok! Ahead! The objective of the fleet is to reach the pirate boat! But do not touch with the raft behind them. Only one scratch is not necessary!! You stop! How all the vessels stop! Royal Nelson. I believed that you think only of you empiffrer, but on sea you are someone else. A simple admiral but nevertheless an admiral. It is really brilliant! Well! Ahead!