Here, Gin. Give it to him. Here, Gin. Give it to him. Sanji-san Thanks! Thanks! Isn't this a nice restaurant we have here? Allow me to take it. Allow me to take it. So that's why you came? Indigestion Meatball!!! Indigestion Meatball!!! Indigestion Meatball!!! Indigestion Meatball!!! That tasted awful!! That tasted awful!! That tasted awful!! That tasted awful!! That tasted awful!! Do as I say! Do as I say! Do as I say! Do as I say! When I tell you to get me some food, When I tell you to get me some food, When I tell you to get me some food, When I tell you to get me some food, then you should go get me some!! then you should go get me some!! then you should go get me some!! then you should go get me some!! then you should go get me some!! Nobody disobeys me! Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Here's enough food for 100 men. Take it to your ship. Owner Zeff! ''Z-Zeff'', you say..? PROTECT BARATIE! THE GREAT PIRATE, ZEFF THE RED LEG PROTECT BARATIE! THE GREAT PIRATE, ZEFF THE RED LEG PROTECT BARATIE! THE GREAT PIRATE, ZEFF THE RED LEG What's the meaning of this? What are you thinking? If his crew gets better, they'll take over the restaurant! they'll take over the restaurant! Only if they've got the guts. Isn't that right? Mr. Couldn't-Get-Through-The-Grand-Line? Isn't that right? Mr. Couldn't-Get-Through-The-Grand-Line? N-No way..! Even Don Krieg couldn't get through..? Even the King of the East Blue Even the King of the East Blue Even the King of the East Blue with his 50 ship fleet couldn't get through?! with his 50 ship fleet couldn't get through?! The Grand Line? You You're Zeff the Red Leg! You're Zeff the Red Leg! So you're still alive, eh? The cook-cum-captain, one of the greatest pirates in history. The cook-cum-captain, one of the greatest pirates in history. I'm alive, so what? It's not your concern. As you see, I make my living as a cook. That's a nice way of saying it. That's a nice way of saying it. That's a nice way of saying it. But from the look of things, it's not that you chose to be a cook, but it's the only thing you're able to do. but it's the only thing you're able to do. but it's the only thing you're able to do. I've heard about Zeff the Red Leg. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. He's an expert at fighting without his hands. His legs are so strong, they can break rocks, or even leave a footprint on iron. or even leave a footprint on iron. or even leave a footprint on iron. or even leave a footprint on iron. or even leave a footprint on iron. He earned the name ''Red Leg'' from his shoes, dyed red with blood of his enemies! from his shoes, dyed red with blood of his enemies! from his shoes, dyed red with blood of his enemies! But it seems that you've lost that ever-so-precious leg of yours. I heard a rumor that you had an accident while sailing that you had an accident while sailing For you, losing a leg means you can no longer do battle. Why would I need to fight? I don't need my feet to cook, as long as I have a pair of hands. I don't need my feet to cook, as long as I have a pair of hands. I don't need my feet to cook, as long as I have a pair of hands. I don't need my feet to cook, as long as I have a pair of hands. Just cough out what you really want to say. Zeff the Red Foot, I know that you're the only man who's come back alive from the Grand Line. I know that you're the only man who's come back alive from the Grand Line. You must have kept a journal of that voyage You must have kept a journal of that voyage You must have kept a journal of that voyage Hand it over! Not bad old man! So you've been to the Grand Line, too? Kinda Kinda Indeed, I have the journal, Indeed, I have the journal, but I'm not going to give it to you. That journal isn't just mine, it's the pride of my entire crew. It's far too valuable for the likes of you. Then, I'll have to seize it from you. True, I couldn't get through the Grand Line. But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! But behold, for I am Don Krieg, the greatest! I was strong enough to make it through. I had enough men, enough ambition The only thing I lacked was information. The only thing I lacked was information. That's the only reason why I failed. I must have that journal! I must have that journal! And organize another pirate fleet to get that One Piece! Then, I'll become the Pirate King! Hold on there, bud! Hold on there, bud! The one to be Pirate King, will be me! The one to be Pirate King, will be me! It's the waiter boy! Hey, get out of here waiter boy! You're no match for him! I can't do that. Leaving things as they are. I can't do that. Leaving things as they are. What did you say, boy? I'll pretend that I didn't hear that You don't have to. I'm just announcing the truth. This is no game. Of course it isn't. I'll be the one who'll get to the Grand Line! That's not funny, brat!! It may have just been a lack of information, but even a fleet of 5000 men was defeated in seven days! What makes you think you can make it?! Sev seven days?! Krieg's men only lasted seven days? What could've happened to them? Sorry, but your humor is the kind I hate most. If you insist, shall I kill you off right now? If you think you're up to it. What? Very well then. You want to be sent to the next world? Starting a brawl, Luffy? Need a hand? W-we don't have to, y-you know. Zoro! Usopp! You dropped by! It's okay. Just sit and watch. Oh, okay That's too bad then If you don't need us, there's nothing we can do about that. I-I'll help ya, if you still need it! G-Good luck! What the hell was that for, Zoro?! Shut up and stay still. Are those your men? Are they all you've got with you? What're you talking about? There are two more! Hey, why do you keep counting me in? I'll take care of you guys later. Right now, I need to feed my men. For those who don't wish to die, you'd better not be here when I return. The only things I want are the journal, and this ship. However, if you really want to throw your lives away, I'll have to go out of my way, but I'll be happy to send you to the bottom of the ocean! Keep that in mind. It's gotten kinda quiet.. Zoro-aniki went to check things out. You think something happened? You really think everything will be okay? How would I know Hey Nami-aniki! Should we go check it out too? Aniki? N-Nami-aniki? Oh, what's up? Anything the matter? I'm sorry, Sanji-san. I never would've imagined things to turn out this way I don't need an apology from the likes of you, fool! We are but cooks in this establishment. We'll feed anybody who comes along. Owner! Why are you siding with Sanji? What's going on here? Yeah! This is all his fault! He's going to destroy your precious restaurant! Shut the hell up, you stupid eggplants!! Have you ever had the experience of starving to death? Can you imagine how horrible it is? Having no food and water in this vast ocean? W-what do you mean, Owner? The difference between all of you and Sanji is that he knows that feeling. What does he mean? What does Sanji know about? Rather than just standing idle with petty talk, you'd all better leave this place now! I'm staying right here to fight! I can't simply let them trample over me! Me too! This is where I work! I have no place to go to anyway. What are you doing?! Didn't you seen how strong our leader is? Hey, Gin. Feeding the hungry is what being a cook is all about. However Now that your captain's all filled up, he's nothing more than a plunderer. Whatever I do to your pals, don't come bitchin' at me. I'll kill anybody who tries to take this restaurant! Even you! Got that? Heh! You saved his life just to kill him off? You're so thoughtful, Sanji. Shut up, you fat-ass cook! Didn't I tell you he was something? Who cares about him now? Let's just get the hell out of here! Calm down. Even though he's Krieg, he's all battered up. Hm? Gin! You said once before that you knew nothing about the Grand Line, right? But you have been there, haven't you? The truth is I don't know anything. What happened at the Grand Line on the seventh day Was it a dream..? Or reality..? It's still fresh in my mind It was unbelievable Just one man Destroyed a whole fleet of 50 ships! WHAT?!! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO It all happened so suddenly. He showed up out of nowhere and started sinking our ships, one after the other. If a storm hadn't come along, our maiden ship would've been destroyed too. I have no idea how many of my mate's ships survived. But it was too scary for me to accept it all. I don't want to even think about what had happened! That man His stare pierces through you, Like the eyes of a hawk! What? What did you say? That guy He must be the man know as Hawk Eyes. The fact that you noticed his eyes, Leads me to belive that it was him. It all sounds like something he would do. The Hawk Eyes Man! Eh, you know that guy, Zoro? That's the man I've been looking for. I sailed across the oceans in search of him. Maybe he had some kind of grudge to settle with you guys. Not that I know of. Perhaps you disturbed his nap. Stop the bullshit! Why in the world would he destroy our fleet just for that? Don't get so worked up. I'm just making assumptions. Stuff like that happens at the Grand line. Just what kind of place is that? A place where anything can happen. Hey Luffy! Stop this right now! We can't go there! Luffy!? Hey, Luffy? Gah!! I'm so pumped up! I was hoping the Grand Line wouId have all this! Can't you be more concerned about your safety? But with all this talk, now my destination wiII reaIIy be the Grand Line. That man I can definitely meet him there! Are you morons? You must be those who are eager to die. That's right. But it's none of your business. When I decided to become the greatest swordsman in the world, I threw away the rest of my life. I'm the only one who can say that I'm an idiot. Me too! Me too! As a man of the sea, same here! Cut the lying. Fools. Hey, hey! Do you bastards realize what's going on here? Don Krieg's ship is right in front of this restaurant! Do all the talking only after we get out of this mess! Yahoo!! We're alive! It's like a dream. We've finally escaped from that nightmare! We're back from the pirate graveyard, safe and sound! That's right. Now that we've recuperated, we can head back to the Grand Line. Huh? What's with that look? W we're going back there again? Anybody else objecting? First, we're dumping this battered ship. Then we attack the restaurant. Our opponents are a bunch of punk cooks. They shouldn't be of any threat. ATTACK!! Here they come! I can hear them! We won't let them through! 'Coz this ship is our restaurant! Run in fear, you cooks! What?! What the hell was that? Don Krieg! The ship has been split in half! Split in half? ''Split in half'', you say?! My biggest ship No way! That's impossible! Go hoist the anchor! Or our ship'll get pulled under with them! Yes, Boss! This is bad. Nami, Yosaku, and Johnny are still on our ship! Damn it! We may already be too late! Aniki! Aniki! Yosaku! Johnny! Are you guys okay? Where's the ship? What happened to Nami? She's I'm sorry, Aniki! She's left! Bye-bye! Tell them I'm leaving Nami-aniki, she If we're meant to meet again, then we will In due time. She took off with all the treasure! W-What did you Just say?! It's him. That son of a bitch he followed us! It can't be He is The man with the Hawk Eyes?!