Arlong's eyes have changed! Inferior human! How dare you oppose me, a merman! How dare you oppose me, a merman! Kiribachi! That room is That room is You have no where to run now. This is Arlong Park's top floor. What's with this-room? lt's fullofpaper. It's full of paper. Not just any ordinary paper! This is the map room. The room where that girl draws her maps. The cartography room. All of these are sea maps that Nami drew for me. Nami's room She's a good woman isn't she? You won't find anyone who can draw more accurately. Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Her talent exists to serve us mermen forever! Nami you see, is our nakama. Nakama? So, just stay out of our way. So, just stay out of our way. So, just stay out of our way. You rubber bastard. What? What's with that look? Nami is Our navigator! Our navigator! THE END OF THE MARMAN EMPIRE! NAMI IS MY NAKAMA! THE END OF THE MARMAN EMPIRE! NAMI IS MY NAKAMA! THE END OF THE MARMAN EMPIRE! NAMI IS MY NAKAMA! Oh? You want her to pilot that crappy little boat of yours, eh? Heh, her talent would only be wasted. Look around you. How many people in the world can draw such perfect maps? That girl is a genius. There couldn't be anything more stupid than wasting such a talent. For that girl, it's best for her to continue her work here. Her greatest happiness. For that girl, it's best for her to continue her work here. Her greatest happiness. This pen It's got blood on it. For me to rule the world, Nami's maps are a necessity! She will keep drawing maps for the sake of my ambition. She will keep drawing maps for the sake of my ambition. She will keep drawing maps for the sake of my ambition. And once I have the maps of all the seas in the world, no one will be able to stand against me! The whole world will be mine! And it all starts right here, on this island in East Blue. How could you possibly use her better than I can? How could you possibly use her better than I can? How could you possibly use her better than I can? What? l can't move the kiribachi Wha..?! USE?! What's going on in there? Damnit! What's happening to you, Luffy-aniki!? We have no way of knowing what's going on Luffy What do you take her for?! Inferior race, but still a smart woman. If the rest of the human race are little rats, then she's a cunning cat. And she's a cute one to boot. Here, she gets food and shelter. And we buy her all the clothes she wants. As long as she lives, she will have nothing to worry about. As long as she keeps drawing maps for me, it's all good. She will forever be my TOOL. No My NAKAMA. What's that?! A desk? It's a desk! Oh, it's just a desk That scared me, I was afraid that it was gonna be Luffy-aniki or something Hey, partner! Don't you have faith in Luffy-aniki's strength?! But Johnny, you were surprised too! Dumbass! I was sure that it was Arlong, of course See? You're so full of it! What did you say? Like I said Luffy? Why you! What the hell are you doing? What's going on? What's up with all this furniture flying out? So, from now on, this is your room. Your desk, your pen. Everything you need is right here. Stop it!! The maps! My sea maps! You brat! You think you can fool me? You brat! You think you can fool me? How dare you draw a fake map! So, You have the time to draw crap like this, huh? So, You have the time to draw crap like this, huh? So, You have the time to draw crap like this, huh? If you ever try to cheat me again, If you ever try to cheat me again, If you ever try to cheat me again, If you ever try to cheat me again, Just like I did this one! Bastard! It took her eight years to draw these! And you're destroying them! Along with my ambition! Bellemere-san Nojiko They're fighting so brutally. Indeed a fight to the death. No kidding Thank you You've gone too far, you rubber bastard! I don't give a crap how great you mermen are Or what happens to your stupid maps! I may not understand the story around this But now, I know what I've gotta do to help her! It's this room. I can't let it exist. This room she doesn't want to be in. I'LL DESTROY IT ALL. GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO GOMU GOMU NO Impossible! Arlong Park will never be destroyed by the likes of you. SHARK ON HAGURUMA! (Shark on Gear!) ONO! (Axe!) Look! That last attack is causing Arlong Park to No way! It's collapsing! Everyone, run! Nami-aneki, hurry! But Luffy's still in there! ANEKI! But Luffy Luffy is! LUFFY!!! CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Now I finally know how to help her! Now I finally know how to help her! It's this room. l can't let it exist. This room she doesn't want to be In. This room she doesn't want to be In. This room she doesn't want to be in. This room she doesn't want to be In. l'LL DESTROY IT ALLI LUFFY!!! Luffy Luffy Ouch! What the hell?! Damned noisy Luffy? Arlong Park is demolished! Aniki What happened inside? Who won? It all happened so quickly. Could he? Luffy LUFFY! A-NI-KIIII!! Is he okay? NAMI!! YOU ARE MY NAKAMA!!! He won?! He won! We won! WE WON!! Arlong Park has fallen! Isn't it great, Onee-san? Gen-san! Are we Are we dreaming? I can't believe this day has finally come You did it, Luffy! You deserve the praise! But if you let me have some, I'd really appreciate it! Man, you had me worried there for a bit. Be quicker next time, you bastard. Awesome! That's enough, scumbags! Not him! Well, this must be my lucky day! Nice work. I enjoyed the show, but I never would've thought that these mermen would be defeated by the likes of you silly pirates. But thanks to you, Arlong's bounty, as well as all of Arlong Park's riches, will be mine. Everyone, put down your weapons! I, Captain Nezumi, of the Marine's 16th Battalion, will be taking over from here~! Zoro! Don't spoil the mood when people are trying to celebrate. I-If you dare hit me just one more time, I won't let you live You're still talking? This is for shooting Nojiko and for messing up Bellemere-san's tangerine grove. Captain! Thanks Nami. That was satisfying. And there's a thousand more where that came from, jerk! Now. You guys will take care of cleaning up after the mermen, and help reconstruct Gosa Village. But you will not touch even the slightest bit of the mermen's riches! They belong to the people of this island. Understand? Ow, ow! I'll do as you say And one more thing GIVE ME BACK MY MONEY! I'll give it back, honestly. I don't want it anymore This won't be forgotten, you lousy pirates! Straw Hat guy! The name's Luffy, right? You're the captain, aren't you? Don't forget this! You're gonna be big, after messing with me! Too late for amends now! I'll make you sorry! Mark my wooords!! He said we're gonna be big. How'd he know I was gonna be the Pirate King? He wasn't talking about that, you numbskull. What do we do now?! If we become notorious, what'll happen to us? What'll do we do? Huh? Huh?! Hey, everyone! We can't just celebrate this by ourselves! Carry the news to the whole island! YEAH! Arlong Park has Arlong Park has fallen! Isn't it great, Nami? Who would've thought that we'd be saved by pirates? What's the world coming to? Greetings, you inferior humans! Listen up! Greetings, you inferior humans! Listen up! From now on, this village, no.. This island belongs to me! Gen-san, help me! Get your filthy hands off those kids! T-That tattoo is Arlong's mark! T-That tattoo is Arlong's mark! T-That tattoo is Arlong's mark! Why did you?I That's enough. You've been carrying the burden of our lives for so long. You've fought well. Then it went "Kaboom!" We did well in the end, right? At long last, Bellemere's soul can ascend to Heaven, in peace. Hello! Hellooo?! Yes, Marine Headquarters here. Marine Headquarters, hello? This is the Marine's 16th Battalion Captain Nezumi! Marine code #OO733! I have a report to make! No need to yell. We can hear you. Listen up! There's a pirate who wears a straw hat, called Luffy! Listen up! There's a pirate who wears a straw hat, called Luffy! He and his four accomplices are all against the government!! He and his four accomplices are all against the government!! Luffy They were able to crumble Arlong Park and defeat the fearsome Arlong and his mermen! We must beware of them! I wish to place a heavy bounty on the head of their captain, ''Straw Hat Luffy''! I'm sending his picture. Roger. What's this? Couldn't you find a better picture? Not really, this is all we got. The authenticity of the bounty will be reviewed later. After we send it to the higher-ups. You got it?! He is a villainous pirate! I want him DEAD OR ALIVE! I WANT A HIGH BOUNTY ON HIS HEAD!!