These will only get in the way. These will only get in the way. There it is Cat Snatch. Cat Snatch. I'm not too familiar with one sword techniques, but Let's go, Buchi! Gotcha, Sham! Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. Damn If only I had one more katana. If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro If I can get these katanas to Zoro What do you want with these katanas? LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION LUFFY' REVIVAL! KAYA-OJOUSAMA'S LIFE AND DEATH CONFRONTATION Never would thought that you guys would be tripped up by these brats. The Kuroneko Pirate Gang isn't what it used to be. The Kuroneko Pirate Gang isn't what it used to be. Eh? Jango?!! Jango?!! But Didn't you say tha these pesky kids wouIdn't be a problem? Yes, I did. So what? I knew they would come and try to stop us. But what I did not expect was But what I did not expect was that you fools would all be so damn useless! that you fools would all be so damn useless! We are use useless? We are use useless? We are use useless? Who's useless? Who's useless? How dare you say that, Captain Kuro! It's true that you were strong once before But that's a three year oId tale. When you were fooling around in this village, we weren't just hanging around doing nothing! That's right! We've pillaged countless villages and defeated many pirates gangs. What are you implying? After these three years, do you After these three years, do you After these three years, do you After these three years, do you After these three years, do you After these three years, do you After these three years, do you After these three years, do you have enough skills left to able to win against us?! have enough skills left to able to win against us?! have enough skills left to able to win against us?! have enough skills left to able to win against us?! have enough skills left to able to win against us?! have enough skills left to able to win against us?! have enough skills left to able to win against us?! Stop! Buchi! Sham! Stop! Buchi! Sham! Stop! Buchi! Sham! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! You're not our captain anymore! Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. Sorry, but we're gonna attack you now. When did he get behind them?! And that weapon And that weapon Who Who did you want to kill? Turn.. around! He's gone! It's appeared, Stealth foot. Stealth foot? You guys were right. You guys were right. You guys were right. I'm not as fast as I once was. I'm not as fast as I once was. Although with only one katana, Zoro was having a tough time with them, yet he easily That man's Stealth foot is a That man's Stealth foot is a silent movement technique. Even if you had 50 assassins, he can kill 'em all without anyone noticing anything. It's impossible for us to escape from his plans. After three years, seeing that old habit of his, makes my hair stand on ends. After three years, seeing that old habit of his, makes my hair stand on ends. To avoid the ''Cat Claws'' from scratching his own face, he always readjusts his glasses like so. To avoid the ''Cat Claws'' from scratching his own face, he always readjusts his glasses like so. This proves he never forgot how to fight! I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I've become more humble after staying on this island for three years. I'll give you five minutes. If you don't finish them off in five minutes Then all of you here Then all of you here Then all of you here Then all of you here Then all of you here Then all of you here Then all of you here Then all of you here Will be killed by me! Will be killed by me! Will be killed by me! Will be killed by me! Will be killed by me! Five minutes Ahh! We'll manage somehow with those five minutes. Ah, it's him! If we beat him, then we'll be able to get past this slope! The guy who's barely able to fend off our attacks We'll finish him in five seconds! I'm counting on you! Nyaban Brothers! Zoro! What?! Why you! Don't go kickin' my katanas! Where's my ''Thank you''? Thank you. No useless, useless Even if you have three of 'em The result's still the same! TIGER You guys don't get it. HUNTING PREY! Four minutes to go. Using three swords and three sword techniques are totally different things. Incredible Only a single strike He defeated the Nyaban Brothers with a single strike? Don't worry! In less than five minutes, there won't be anyone left. I'll take care of 'em all. Three minutes to go. That bastard I'll kill him! Captain Please hypnotize me. Please Captain! He's still alive. Guess you're a bit soft. He's probably saved by all that fat. Get him, Buchi! Hypnosis again, eh? He's gonna be more of a pain now. He tore the ground apart in his original state. What is he able to do after powering up? Chance! I have to go and wake him up! What are you going to do this time? What a troublesome woman. Everyone's been fighting injured, while he's still Die! Wake up!! Nami!!! Watch out!! Two minutes to go. CYB3RFR34K-ISO CYB3RFR34K-ISO Wake up!! Nami!!! Watch out!! I'll split you in two! Duck!! What the? The ring Wasn't it just a tool for hypnosis? Nami! How dare you step on my face! Nami! How dare you step on my face! Ah, he's still alive?! Was it just bad timing or a mere coincidence? Lu Luffy? Luffy! That hurts THAT HURTS!!! That guy woke up! This is bad, with this There's no way we can finish 'em in five minutes! Nami, that hurt you bastard! That wasn't me!! That wasn't Nami, your shoulder's hurt? It's nothing. I'm fine. Anyways, I've done all I can. I'll leave the rest to you. This battle we can't lose to them! For the sake of my treasures. I shoulda known. Go for it! For the sake of my treasures. Yosha! That is your style. One minute to go. This is impossible! Capt' Jango and Buchi-san wouldn't make it in time! There's just no way we can finish 'em off in one minute! Buchi, no time to play around! You take care of that guy with the waistband, and I'll take care of this weird kid. You with the straw hat! It's about time to kill everyone. What? That evil caretaker's here too? That bastard Didn't he fall off the cliff and die? That's fine Don't even think of Sneaking up on me! Kaya!! Usopp-san, are you alright? Kaya, what're you doing here? I'm sorry, Usopp-san. I know that you might never forgive me for what I have done. I just cannot believe that Ku Kurahadol is a pirate. That doesn't matter now! Why did you come here? I told you to run away! He wants to kill you! But, aren't you fighting?! I did such a horrible thing to you. Yet, you're hurt all over and still fighting. That's why Kaya-ojousama Why are you here? Please stop Please stop this, Kurahadol!! Meri told me everything. Meri told me everything. Meri told me everything. Isn't that the lady of the house? So that's the final target of our plan? So that's the final target of our plan? So then, now we don't have to go to the village anymore? We just need to kill that girl, right? Kurahadol, I beg of you! If you want my fortune, I'll give it all up. So please, leave this place! Right now! I thank you for the offer however There's one other thing that I desire. What I desire is The tranquility of my soul. Tranquilty Yes, all I want is tranquility. I've spent three years to gain the trust of all the villagers, which made me feel unbelievably comfortable. Therefore, I'd like to keep this sense of tranquility with me forever. Therefore Therefore I must obtain this tranquility and your fortunes! That means the pirates will attack this village! Then You will leave a will and die! These two terms are absolutely necessary. N no he's Not Kurahadol. Run! Run because anything you say to him is useless! Run!! He's not Kurahadol! He's not Kurahadol Kaya Leave this village! Oh, you're actually pointing a gun at me. Leave now! So that's how it is You've grown a lot these past three years, Kaya-ojousama. Do you still remember? Many things have happened in these past three years. Since the time when you'd always lay in bed, crying for your parents whom passed away. It's really been quite a while. A long time I still remember the sorrowful and joyful days we've spent together. K Kurahadol We went shopping together. I nursed you when you had fevers. You were so happy listening to anything I'd say. I gave my all for you. I have always yes, always Endured it. Yes, everything was so that I can kill you one day Today! I, formerly known as Captain Kuro, had to keep a smile for a little girl whose nose always sniffled. No matter how much I hated it, I tried hard to make you happy. Bastard! Can you imagine, my humiliation of those days? Can you imagine me, the former Captain Kuro, doing such things?! KURO!! Come to think of it, you still You still owe me a punch in the face. Usopp-san. You hit me pretty hard that time. Since you hate it so much, I'll give you a hundred more for free!