On the way towards a new adventure! Apis, the curious little girl This light indicate the site of the entry of Large Line! I want to find where Al Blue hides! To become the Lord of the Pirates! To become the best sword-man of the world! Me, I want to draw a chart of the world! Me I want to become a honest warrior of the sea! It left for Large Line!! Large Line!! Large Line!! Large Line!! LARGE Line!! LARGE LIne!! LARGE LINe!! LARGE LINE!! He, I lead you to eat. He, where are you? Where you hid? He! Not the sorrow to flee, there is a large storm outside! Leave your hiding-place, good blood! I do not stop repeating you that you will never escape from here! If you were held quiet, you would not be in this state! Whore! Release me!! He, does not agitate you like that! Leave, leave me me Do not let this young girl escape! Excavate all the ship! Catch it and bring back it here! It is only one child, made to him not evil. She is there! Capture it!! They is dangerous up there! Go down from there immediately! Do not touch with the veils during a storm! Protect me, Ryuji! What will it make? They is too dangerous! Return here! Bandage imbeciles!! What is written in this report/ratio? This girl is probably the key to obtain Ryuukotsu which I seek for a long time! Ryuukotsu:Os of dragons Did you carry out what you did, band of inefficient? Erik! With your service. It is the key of the elixir of youth, us will not let it draw some from this manner. Chosen one of my fleets, finds it and brings back the-me costs that costs! I did not think that to seek young girls belonged to our contract. I will pay you as much as you will want! I urged you to supervise this small! Or would you prefer to drop our only evidence? Go, leave to seek it! I included/understood. If it is large Nelson Royale which requires it of me Nami! We did not arrive yet at Grand Line? We have started from Loguetown only for two days. It will still take us a few days before arriving over there. Patience! Yes! What a beautiful day! To believe that this storm forever take place. What is it? He! I see a band of birds with starboard! Birds? Yes, but on the sea, I see something floating What can that be well? Perhaps a fish? Or a boat? But that rather has the air of a large fish I intended to say that the birds fly on the surface of the ocean as soon as there is full of fish. What? Luffy, catches we-in for the lunch. Included/understood! Oh, what a to launch! One can call that a true knack. Caught! It is enormous! Played well, Luffy! Wait a little How it is stopped? Ah! Afflicted, Zoro. Moron!! That one One day, I will kill it! He, come to see It was not a fish! It is a young girl Hein? A siren? It is where its tail? Does He, you in what it resemble a siren? Why a little girl was all alone on this boat? With Have IEA IEA!! You finally awoke! You have the air in form Do you have some share badly? I bet that you are hungry, I am in the train of you mijoter a good small soup. Lucky! You are a shipwrecked woman or something of the kind? How are you called? For asking for the name of a person, it would be necessary perhaps to initially to present you. You are right. I am called Nami. That which prepares your soup, it is Sanji. Yo! That with a horrible head and a stringcourse, it is Zoro. Your mouth. The unconscious one which does not move over there any more, it is Usopp. And I am Luffy, the Captain of this pirate ship! Hein? Pirates? We move towards Grand Line! What doesn't go? It does not move any more. What will one make this girl of it? Euh, since you speak about it, that one will make some? One will think of it tomorrow. Why? Why, why, why me? Already that it was not easy to flee with these dumbs of the Navy, now I find myself trapped on a pirate vessel! It is a joke Perhaps should I eat something before reflecting? IEA Still you, Luffy. How much time should I repeat it to you? Be held quiet the next time! What do you make? Delicious! He, I did it to you especially then, any more my refrigerator does not approach you! But, I had the flagstone! Holà, that does occur? You want nothing to eat whole? Do not worry you, I did not put a poison inside If you do not eat anything, this goinfre soon will take your share. Good, since you do not want any, I will take tone Not!! Oh, they is delicious! Obviously, I indicated Sanji like our personal chief. I never ate something of also good! Lastly, she smiles! Nami-San! Do Luffy, you still eat? I did not have to eat enough today You had two barrels of food only for you. Good Ah? You were afraid when you knew that one was pirates, is not this? In fact Your reaction concerning the pirates is normal nowadays. You will not sell to me? You believed that one Did everyone have to appear alarming to you, then? With your face, it is normal! Why you drew me the cheek? He, stop your gamineries both! If you want to still be useful yourself, does not hesitate, Miss With final, it of boat which you expected, isn't this was not the pirate kind? Slacken. I still want some! Yes, I prepare you that. Me too! Manage all alone, imbecile! Malicious What? He, that does occur in bottom? I prepare the breakfast! He, everyone, the breakfast is been useful! Oh, to eat? To which kind of food one will have right? Euh You did that all alone? Food has, how to say a particular appearance. Good appetite! In addition to me to have saved, you nourished me. Therefore, from now, I will make all my possible to come you to assistance! Like that, you will be able to help us Thank you. You are sure that it is edible? Stop making the child and eats! You believe that they is good for us to eat that? I find that delicious! Yes, yes I am sure that it is only the appearance which poses problem. Really? It is really as disgusting as that? That pricks!! It is what that? I had to put seasoning too much! Ouais, in fact things arrive. For the next one, tries to pay attention. He, this girl was given thoroughly to cook you that, then do not leave a crumb of it! Silence! You will make him regret, this girl Ah yes, how are you called with the fact? Apis! I am called Apis! The feelings of Apis-Chan are concerned! I will not let any among you leave would not be this that a crumb! Nami-San, I will prepare you something to eat later. Thank you. Afflicted. To make the kitchen is not really a field where I excel But if I can help you in one way or another! Do not make any you. One will be already reassured if you have fun well here. Let to me deal with the meals, there is full with other drudgeries which you can make in the place. Really? I adore his kitchen! You You will be accustomed to force, I to you it guaranteed. It is true Apis, why were you all alone with the right in the middle of the ocean? I escaped from a ship of the Navy A ship of the Navy? During the night of storm, three days ago. You were installed on this small boat in full storm? You had to see some of all the colors? Now, say to us what you did over there. The fact that you were to flee means that you as a guest on this ship, amn't I right did not travel? Moreover, the Navy does not waste time to deal with no matter whom. In fact Euh What? You are criminal? Of course that not! You see me committing a crime? I did not do anything but I cannot say my reasons. Why that? Leave it quiet. It must certainly have good reasons. You are right. But you could say to us at least from where you come? Yes. I live on the island of Gunkan. The island of Gunkan? You know? Not, lets check to me. Why it is called the island of Gunkan? It thus is called because the silhouette of the island resembles a navire de guerre. Gunkan:Navire de guerre He, interesting! Ah, here! It is close to Large Line. In this moment, we are some share here, then We are not very far. What do you wish? You want to return on the island of Gunkan? We had envisaged to go straight in direction of Large Line, but Me? You already saved me and I know that will annoy you but I want to return at home! Forgiveness, I think only of me. If you let me go up on board a boat which goes there, I think of being able to clear up me. You cause us really problems! Tell me what a kind of ship would like to approach a pirate vessel well! Indeed But, you know the island is not so far only that from our way. Our voyage is not urgent either. Hein? I am of agreement there to go and you, Capitaine? Yes, that suits me. Grand Line will await us. It is true. Does this island really resemble a navire de guerre? One would say Really? You want to take me along well to the island of Gunkan? Yes. Super! Thank you, Luffy! Super! Super! I am content! Thank you for all my heart! You all, thank you very much! To show you my gratitude, I will make the breakfast the every day! Euh, it is not worthwhile Why? Major! Boat with 13:00! It is a small caravel with a cranium on the flag! Pirates? To enter the jurisdiction of the Admiral Nelson They must be insane! That must be a band of beginners. Drop! In fact, this symbol does not belong to somebody of weak. It is that of Luffy to the Straw hat, its head is put at price for 30 million Berrys. One heard of him Even with all this fleet, we did not find it yet It is possible that someone else captured this girl. Moreover, the fact that it is about a rather famous crew shows that that would not be very intelligent of our share to be unaware of them. Seize the ship! Why I have a bad presentiment? He, ships behind us! It is not possible! Ships of the Navy!! Navy? This time, there are not only one or two of them. It rightly. Moreover, that a fleet of this size in this zone makes? What? What? What does it occur? They surely come to have my head! Yes, but why as many boats? They must know with what a not it is difficult to beat me! I am too strong! You are always relaxed, yes! What you ace? These vessels come from the 8th division. It is because of them that I am flee! What do I have to make? It is it! I saw it! I saw a little girl on the bridge! What? As I had said it to you, Major. Did I wound your honor? If your orders, this girl had been followed the key of the elixir of youth, Ryuukotsu, would have escaped again You do not even imagine at which point the Admiral Nelson would have been furious. Prepare the guns! We will run this pirate ship! Ah! They draw us above!! Listen, dirty pirates! Stop your vessel immediately! It is the first and the last warning!! How to make to stop them? What does one make Luffy? Will we get rid some? Yes, it left. Wait a little! But why one always makes like that? How do you hope to beat a whole fleet? While sinking in the heap! Doesn't that go? One makes like that. What? One does not wonder to come. Use the gun to cover us. What? Well, let to me take care some! I will be always ready if one has to flee. The wind arrives. A strong wind Zoro, mets veils in the south! Usopp, Sanji-Kun, turn the boat to port side! Quickly! Yes Nami-San! What does it occur? A gust of wind approaches, we will benefit from it to flee. We do not have enough lives to hold head to them. That could go This small. No sign of immobility! Why? Here it is! The pirate vessel accelerated and they also changed direction! What? They put on the veils at the south! In the south? Imbeciles! They do not have any idea towards where it move! Why do you hesitate, Major? Continue them! He, one goes quickly! Fortunately that there was wind! Look at, Luffy, one is sowing the Navy! Try to catch us if you can it! Nothing to make, we can catch up with them! A whole fleet not to succeed in capturing a small caravel. Pitiful. The small boats are easier to operate! I do not want to hear your dirty excuses! Major, we approach this zone Major! I am not deaf! All the ships, prepare you to make half-turn! Wait, Major. Why one stops? This rate/rhythm, we would have been trapped in Calm Belt! I have anything of it to make! Continue them Not!! Jerk, you do not know at which point it is important This girl should not escape! How will you explain it to the Admiral Nelson? I am ready to assume the consequences. But I will not let my men be taken with the trap of this ocean! No matter what you will say, the continuation is completed here! What a insolence! The Navy does not follow us any more! Still another victory for the Usopp captain! Brilliant! Brilliant! That it is my very spit navigatrice! One recognizes my Nami-San well! It can predict the arrival of the wind! Euh, makes some I had a presentiment. Ah! Nami-San is splendid when it is modest! Good, it left for the island Gunkan! Really? Of course, of course! Good, Gunkan here us are! GO! What worries you, Zoro? You have the air worried since presently. It is nothing There is just an odd trick. What thus? Since presently, the boat does not have advanced of a hair. Since you speak about it, the veils are completely deflated What takes to you, Nami? Nami-San? Oh not We entered Calm Belt!