The world Yes! Seek freedom, And your world will stand stretched out before your eyes. If the endless dream guides your spirits, Conquer it! Bear conviction behind your flag! I began my search,With a blast of water, Toward a boundless,everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light l've never seen When the summer-colored sun shakes the sall of my heart, It's a sign the door to a new world has opened Swaying between the waves, I can escape despair, For the horize on the other side is what I aim for! I began my search, With a blast of water, Toward a boundless, everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light I've never seen Two days and nights and it's starting to bubble. Nami-san, Robin-chan, just wait 'til you see this! My Special Breakfast! Inherited recipe! Sanji, the curry expert Damn, this fog is as thick as milk. I can't see a thing! Luffy, see anything? Oi, I think I can make something out! Look out! There's a huge ship dead-ahead! Sanji-kun, the helm! Turn us hard to starboard! Right away, Nami-san~! Sanji's Special Love- Oh! T-This is bad! We're gonna be surrounded by Marines! AWESOME! Even the Marines won't be able to see anything in mist thick. We should try to blend in and make our escape. Right. Keep moving forward! And everyone keep quiet. Especially you, Luffy. Got it! Nami-san. Wait a moment A kid? What's he doing? Watch out! Leave it to me! He'll be alright. It look like the restorative worked. Where am I? You're aboard the ship of the Luffy Pirates. P-Pirates!? Yeah. Don't you remember? You fell off your warship. Stay back! You're planning on attacking the Marine warships, aren't you!? What's up with this kid? After we just saved his ass. Well, he is a little Marine. First you need to eat. Take it away. I don't need pirates to take care of me. So you won't eat a soup made by the cook of a pirate ship. It's not like I'm gonna poison it. Just put a little of that in your stomach and you'll feel better. This soup is magnificent! It's crystal clear and there's no sediment in the bottom. Thank you. Sure, you're very welcome. I'm Tajiyo, a Marine trainee cook. I'm Sanji. Oh, so you're a cook? Sanji-san, you're wasting your time cooking aboard this poor little pirates ship! Your skills are exquisite! What'd you say!? This ain't no poor little ship! That's right! This ship is from my very own Syrup Village- Can you eat it then? No, not that kind of syrup! A girl named Kaya gave it to us- and then you call it just some poor pirate ship!? Okay, okay, okay! Calm down already! The truth is I spilled the curry for today's lunch. I'm very sorry! Make some more. You spilled it, right? If you're really sorry, make another batch of curry before lunch. That chef's right, no doubt about that. I've tried so many times But I've never been able to get it right. Tajiyo-kun, how long have you been a cook? I've been a trainee cook for only half a year. Half a year is more than enough. No it's not! Ever day, all I get to do is wash dishes and peel vegetables! I've never actually cooked anything before! And the thing is Once a week, all the fleet Captains gather to eat curry. The time, the ship I'm on is in charge of making the curry! My curry would never be good enough for the Marine brass. Marine Curry is quite a famous dish. Every chef uses their own skills and culture to create a curry for their ship. Hey, sounds tasty! You've been a trainee cook for half a year, but haven't buit any confidence in yourself. Just go back and apologize to your chef again. No! If I do that, I'll have to leave the ship! Does it have to be that ship? Is there a specific reason? Well All Have you heard of All Blue? East Blue, West Blue, South Blue, North Blue It's a sea where the fish from all the other oceans swim together! For cooks, it's a sea of treasure they would risk their lives to see just once! The senior cooks call it a dream and always laugh at me. But I believe! All Blue does exist! Staying aboard a Marine ship gives me a better chance of finding it, right? That's why That's why I don't want to leave the ship. Wasn't All Blue We really should get away from here as fast as we can, but Yeah, if they find us, they're gonna start firing. But since he's so determined, we have to take him back, right? Sanji-kun? I'm only going to take him back to the ship. Oi Luffy, lend me a hand. GOMU GOMU NO TOMOZUNA! Ship-to-ship line Oi, Sanji! I got it. The mist will burn off by noon. It'll get pretty risky after that, so we can't wait any longer. That's enough. How much do you plan on helping him? I'm just curious about Marine culinary styles. Sanji! Yeah! Yosh! Hold on tight! Why the hell did you have to come along? How would you get back if I didn't? Fine, but stay right here and don't make a sound! O-Okay. No. 18 Fleet Kitchen This is the kitchen. Yeah, this'll cover your return trip fee. Let's take a look around. Just like the Marines to go all out like this. Everything's real high quality. What was that? It's from the pantry! Man, that scared me. Luffy! What are you doing here!? Sanji! I was just exploring! Exploring! This is a rare opportunity, right? Now I'm off to explore some more! Do whatever you like. But if the Marines get hold of you, I ain't coming to save you. And one more thing. Leave the stuff in your pants behind. The apples. This is the Marine Curry. When I was on the floating restaurant Owner Zeff never taught me anything. Day after day, he made me wash the dishes. Oi, little eggpiant. You won't get anywhere just by working hard. Why do you think I allow you in my kitchen taking you under my wing for over half a year? Use that head of yours and think! Zeff said that to me every time I complained. Oh, so the chef was letting me observe his cooking skills. You can't teach cooking. Sanji-san! I'm going to try! Uh What did the chef say!? The curry recipe is all about the powder, the sauce, and its ingredients. There are many different blends of curry powder. The aroma is still fresh. After completing the curry, he must have added some Garam Masala. Garam Masala - Special blend of spices used in South Asia Don't be lazy and use a ready-made spice! It loses the quality of its aroma! Garam Masala! He sure has the nose. It's huge! With this mist We won't be able to move for a bit. It'll probably clear up by lunchtime. By the way, did you hear about today's lunch? Yeah, that trainee cook Tajiyo is gonna make it. I wonder what kind of food he'll give us. Yeah, I wonder! For the stock, I'll use a ready-made one. Now to prepare the ingredients. First, I have to carve and cook the meat. The essence of making beef curry is keeping the taste of the meat locked in the beef itself. But in this curry, the taste of the meat is spread throughout the curry sauce. Meaning The kid is already messing up. Is something wrong? Hey kid, food isn't supposed to be made in a hurry. Listen up. In cooking, the main ingredient's taste is crucial. Take your time preparing it. It will affect everything else. Garlic. Ginger. A dash of turmeric. And some yogurt. All the ingredients are ready. Next, I have to stir-fry the onion. Smoking in a cooking area!? How can a cook even think of doing that!? I might've said that you were too good to be a pirate cook, But I take that back! Uh-oh. I singed my hair. Listen, you have to stir-fry the onions. Keep stirring so they won't burn! When they've softened, lower the heat. Then continue stirring slowly until they turn golden brown. Got it guys? Sanji-san was reminding me about the heat. Whoa, this is high! The view's a lot different from up here. Who the hell are you!? Ah, I've been spotted! WAIT! Like hell I'm gonna wait! First, melt some Ghee butter. Add some flour. Stir gently so it doesn't burn. Add the curry powder. Then add Garam Masala to enhance its aroma. Then combine them all. Pour in the stock. Tomatoes. Add the onions. Then the marinated meat. No! It doesn't have any taste! I knew it! I'm not good enough! The secret ingredient! Sanji-san! Damn. This apple's sweet. Sanji-san! Thank you very much. What're you talking about? I haven't done anything to be thanked for. Sanji-san, you pretended to do things to bother me, But you were actually giving me advice! Don't get the wrong idea. Down there! He ran that way! Sanji! We're leaving! That idiot. After him! GOMU GOMU NO TOMOZUNA! Yosh! I got it! Tajiyo. I think it exists too. All Blue! Sanji! Grab hold! Hey Tajiyo, an intruder just came this way. Which way did he go? Eh? I didn't see anyone. Maybe you were imagining things. Keep searching! He must be somewhere on this ship! Keep searching! Bastard You got some kind of grudge against me? I'm sorry. That face doesn't look like it's sorry. I'm saying I'm sorry. I'll kick you off this ship, jackass What's wrong, Luffy? Ah! You damaged the Going Merry again! Oh, Usopp, Nami, sorry. I got spotted by the Marines, so we had to rush back. WHAT!? W-Wait, what do you mean by that!? This ship was a gift from Kaya! How many times do I have to tell you that!? We have to get going! Usopp, Sanji-kun! Let's set sail! Right away, Nami-san! My body won't move Set the places. Yes, Sir! Now, please help yourselves. Oh, this is pretty good. The spice's aroma is spreading through my mouth! And this meat is so tender! Seconds, please! Tajiyo. Yes, Chef. Don't forget to wash the dishes later. Aye, Sir. Sanji-san I think it exists too. All Blue! I'll never give up! And someday, I'll be an even better cook than you! Ah, as I look beyond the endless sky I begin to imagine a tomorrow that I'll have some day There were days when I feel like I'd lose to myself But there was a warm place I could always go People I could be proud of were always there Placing hands upon my back and pushing me onwards Ah, the stars are streaming down beneath the sky This only happens once