The world Yes! Seek freedom, And your world will stand stretched out before your eyes. If the endless dream guides your spirits, Conquer it! Bear conviction behind your flag! I began my search,With a blast of water, Toward a boundless,everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light l've never seen When the summer-colored sun shakes the sall of my heart, It's a sign the door to a new world has opened Swaying between the waves, I can escape despair, For the horize on the other side is what I aim for! I began my search, With a blast of water, Toward a boundless, everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light I've never seen If you want to continue adventuring with us, That will be the last chance you'll have to jump on board. Hey, Carue What do you want to do? Beginning is that day! Vivi tells of her adventures! Igaram? I'm going to become the Pirate Queen! VIVI-SAMAAA! Oh, Igaram, good morning. What's wrong? You're sweating all over. Hey, hey! Hubby, how dare you barge in here! Vivi-sama is dressing! Ah, that is- I mean Good morning. Did you need something? Ah- No Then get the blazes out of here, Hubby! Maybe I'm over-thinking Oh, Your Majesty. I didn't know you were there. Good morning to you. Yes, good morning. My, Terracotta-san is a frightening woman, isn't she? WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING!? Isn't this a little tight, Terracotta-san? Clothing like this befits a princess of your stature! The Square is already packed! Really? We informed them that your speech would commence at 10 o'clock. But they were so eager to hear it, they came early. Well, I can understand how they must feel. They've been waiting for your Coming of Age Ceremony for two years now. It was supposed to be held once you turned fourteen. But I haven't really done anything. You don't have to say things like that. Just show them how much you've grown. That will be enough. The Coming of Age Ceremony is to celebrate your transition into adulthood. And given the events that have happened, Imagine how the King will feel. Ah, that reminds me Vivi-sama's speech will be broadcast through Den Den Mushi and loudspeakers. All of Arabasra will be able to listen. I'm certainly looking forward to it! I've received word that a battle has begun in the harbor. I see Unfortunately, there is no longer anything we can do to aid them. FIRE! FIRE, FIRE! DAMMIT! SHOOT YOUR CANNONBALLS AT US! I CAN BOUNCE 'EM BACK! Goodness! Stop joooking around~! If they keep hitting the ship with these iron spears, It's only a matter of time before we sink! Here they come! Oi! There's no way I can patch all these holes! Hurry up and DO something you guys! We can only protect one side at a time! Going up against eight ships is too much! Even when we're stronger in hand-to-hand combat Even if we rush them or retreat, they won't break their formation! The Black Cage Corps: Black Spear Squadron! You pipsqueaks won't beat us! Dorks! Oi, Hypnotist! I thought you were a pirate! Shut up! I have my own reasons for this! I thinks I recognize that guy on the left It may as well have been 100 years since we last met! That impudent, harrowing cook and his buddies This is the day you sink to your doom! I've powered up, you see Now Look closely at this ring. This is the day I prove to you that I ain't weird. Oh my! ONE TWO JAN BROTHER! Usopp! That was you!? Awesome! Y-YOSH! JUST AS I CALCULATED! That's what I can do when you rely on me! Nose-chan, amazing! Good going! Now the two ships to the south are gone! Full speed in that direction~! BON CLAY-SAMA, A PROBLEM! WHAT IS IT!? IT'S THE BLACK CAGE! What's that? Black Cage Hina! The Marine Headquarters Captain who patrols this area of the sea! This is not good at all! Let's get outta here super-quick! Aye, Bon Clay-sama! Looks like they've been weakened. There is no ship that the Black Spear Squadron cannot bring down! Don't get conceited. Underestimating people will get you bitten in the end. Once we get alongside their ship, you boys step back. You'll only be in my way. Hina annoyance. Aye! What the hell are you guys doing!? Let's ruuun away! If we exit to the south, we can escape with minimum damage! If we stay like this, we'll be done in for sure! If you want to go, then go. We can't. What do you mean you can't!? BON CLAY-SAMA, PLEASE HURRY! LET'S JUST ESCAPE ON OUR OWN! We made a promise to be at the eastern harbor at noon. There's no time to sail back. We have to press forward. Really, that's the silly-silliest thing I've ever heard! What kind of treasure could possibly be there that's worth your lives!? Go ahead and die then! We're going to see a nakama. F-For a friend? I'm coming in, Vivi. Okay. Come in. Vivi, about the speech- My! What a pleasant surprise! I nearly mistook you for the former queen, Vivi-sama. Oh my goodness Sit down, Papa. No Father, Igaram. I have something very important to tell you. BON CLAY-SAMA!! Running away now would defy the way of Bon Clay! Friends who risk their lives to see another friend Knowing that you have abandoned them WILL YOU ENJOY YOUR BREAKFAST TOMORROW MORNING!? Listen up, boys. And the Straw-chan team as well! Pay heed to my words! Hina-jou! The two ships have separated! The duck ship is heading south! The duck is the decoy, right? No! In fact, the entire Straw Hat Crew is aboard the duck ship! The sheep ship is the decoy! Follow them! Resume battle formation at once! Three minutes. Prepare the bombardment! Here we go! FULL SPEED AHEAD! Could the Straw Hat Luffy you're looking for possibly be me~? Not a chance! Hina-jou! The sheep ship is escaping to the east! What!? You fell for it~! My boys and I are masters of disguise~! As well as Straw-chan's friends! One may stray from the path of a man, One may stray from the path of a woman, But there is no straying from the path of a HUMAN! All friends must scatter into the sky of truth, and blossom! OKAMA WAY! - by Bon Clay BRING IT ON! Hina humiliated. Bon-chan! Bon-chan, we will NEVER, EVER FORGET YOU GUYS! Scatter upon the water's surface, and grow where you may, My fellow blossoms. And you don't know who the puppet master is!? No. It is said to be a secret underground organization. Not even the company employees know anything about their Boss's identity. And they are the enemies of this country. If even the members know nothing, obtaining information from the outside would be impossible. Rather, an outside investigation would only endanger the country further. But, we've caught their tail. Yes Eh Eh!? Igaram, are you thinking what I'm thinking? N-No! Not at all! E-Excuse me, I have to get back to work! Igaram! You must not! This is not a game! That won't fix it, Igaram! I can't let this happen! Ah, here they come again! GET OUT OF OUR WAY! Look! It's Vivi-sama! Oh, Vivi-sama! Princess Vivi! I can see her! Vivi-sama! Your Highness! Oh, how she's grown! Vivi-sama! Princess Vivi! Vivi-sama! In that case, Vivi-sama Allow me to ask you one question. It all began that day. Have you made a resolution not to die? I've had a little adventure. Oi! The Princess's speech is starting! I've been waiting. She really is alive and well! Thank goodness! The ceremony in Alubarna has started! It's two hours late. I wonder what happened. Well now, I hope this doesn't turn into a riot. Kohza! Hey, Kohza! Come outside! Vivi-chan's speech is starting! Those loudspeakers are at maximum volume already. You can hear it from anywhere in town. It began as a journey across a dark sea, in search of despair. Away from this country, the ocean was vast. And the islands in it had power that was difficult to comprehend. There were animals I'd never seen before. And scenery I could never even dream of. The music played by the waves was sometimes peaceful. Flowing calmly, enveloping all my smaller troubles. And at other timers it was violent. Laughing loudly, ripping delicate feelings asunder. Amidst a dark, dark storm, I suddenly came across a little ship. The ship pushed my back, saying: "Don't you see that light?" Never losing its way in the darkness, that mysterious little ship rode the mighty waves as if dancing upon them. It never opposed the sea, Yet the continued to point forward, even when the winds blew against it. And then it pointed a finger. "Look! There's the light!" History will likely record this as an illusion. But to me, it is the truth. What's she talking about? A secret battle with the Marines! And then Vivi You heard that speech, right? That was Vivi's voice. It's the broadcast of that ceremony in Alubarna. So it's settled. She ain't coming. No! That only sounded like Vivi's voice! She's definitely going to be at the place we promised, right? Yeah. She is. Let's go. It's past noon. She has to be here! Let's get off the ship and look! I know she's there! Oi, we got problem! The Marines are coming at us again! Just how many damned ship do they have!? Shit! We're moving on! Turning to starboard! Give it up, Luffy. She's from a different world. What does this mean? WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON!? Oi, show us your face, you phony princess! No! Captain Igaram! Where's the real Vivi-sama!? Where's the Princess giving her speech from!? Vivi-sama is actually Good shot. EVERYONE!! VIVI! CARUE! Vivi! See, she's here! VIVI-CHAN! Turn the ship around! Hurry! The Marines are almost here! I'm here to say good-bye! What'd she just? Carue, give me the receicer. I cannot go with you! Thank you for everything! Is she talking to someone? Impossible. Is that the Princess of this country? She should be at her ceremony in Alubarna. I want to have more adventures, but I can't because I love my country! Vivi-sama, where are you!? Get outta here, Captain Igaram! We didn't come here to see YOU! Way to go, Captain Igaram! Do some more! We came here to see Vivi-sama! That's why I cannot come with you! Oh! I The symbol should be an ×! Why? 'Cause we're pirates! But that means deaths to whoever sees it! It's good. It should be an ×! Right, Vivi? It's cool, huh? Yes! I like that! Whatever, just draw them! That's not the point! I I This is prefect! I WILL STAY HERE This is proof that we're nakama! But if we ever meet again, Will you still call your nakama? You hear that!? Does the Princess have some sort of connection with the Straw Hat Pirates? A princess the nakama of pirates? Impossible! Anyti-! BAKA! DON'T ANSWER! The Marines have seen Vivi already. If they get any proof of Vivi's affiliation with us She'll become a criminal. Let's just make this a silent farewell. From now on, whatever happens, This left arm is proof that we're nakama! SET SAIL! ARITTAKENO YUME WO KAKI ATSUME all our dreams, SAGASHI MONO WO SAGASHI NI YUKU NO SA re looking for ONE PIECE What course can I set that will lead me to a better tomorrow? Taking the helm, I spread out the map of miracles I had shut in my heart Aiming for the sky, searching for a dream, there were times when I lost my way But this isn't a dream, I found a wonderful part of myself when I met you With a small bit of courage, I gained something large So now is the time to change my dreams into vows. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Let's paint a story of the future And put all of our thoughts into this new wind Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. A never ending journey to be together. I'll chase it anywhere, this Shining Ray!