Lost ruins! Vivi, companions, With the kingdom of the Oases. Three years were passed since the last drop of rain. In a howl of sadness, this desiccated ground sinks from now on in an enormous wave of agitation. After having left Ace, Luffy and its crew… … continue their crossing of the immense desert which leads to Yuba. Will they manage to stop the seat of the rebellious army? To lay down sun at the horizon takes care silently on them… It would be said that it takes again its spirits. Hein? That is there, you are finally awaked. You are really carefree. What? Q-what? Where did they pass all? Who knows? How that “Which knows”? You do not know anything of it? To tell the truth, I do not have any idea of it. What does that want to say? There are not time to joke! I will not contradict you. Then one is still lost, it is that? WITH WHICH IT FAULT?! Q- What? It is of my fault? Wait!!!! Crocodile! Q- What? I will explode you the mouth! What does it have to be excited like that, up there? Ca makes a few moments that it started to jump in the air… Perhaps that he still ate some of these strange cacti. He! I am an elastic man, you know?! Frankly! I think that it cannot be prevented from howling. Where you hide you?! Bring back yourself! Go shows itself!! Chopper! I am not sure that it can do something. You will not ravel yourself, I will crush you!! There is not thus an other choice. Zoro, deals with him. And why I would have?! Do you want that one speaks again of the debt that you have towards me? If you do not go in hell, I will throw you there! I would like to see that! Now, let us carry on our road. How? Shouldn't we await them? All will go well for them, if they follow our prints in sand. In any event, with their endurance they will catch up with us. We will await them a place where we will be able to rest. I am of agreement…! Will they be left there without concern? Species of moron! Calm yourself! Good blood. If ever you on a occasion, it of a blow strikes! O-Oui, worries you… I count on you. Fact of shitting, they always count on me to deal with the dirty job. CROCODILE!! Te here! Q - What you tell, good blood?! I will explode you the mouth! Moron! You will calm yourself or… Sadowari = Slit of sand It is each time similar… It is really hard to stop it once it lost the spirit. Good blood… But what was I to embark with a Captain like him? What…! Why am I…? What you foutez?! How? What? Good blood, what arrived to you? He, Zoro! Go! Awake! Potion which awakes. Thank you. What did you make? Trifles. It is always buried. Leave it like that for the moment. Where are the different ones? When I regained consciousness, they had already left… Sympas, not? It is not serious, one can catch up with them while following their prints. Their prints? What you said?! YOU WERE CROCODILE?! Did you listen to what I said, at least?! Hein? One is lost? Species of cretin… Why you did not follow them earlier?! I You AI ALREADY KNOWN AS THAT It WAS OF MT FAULT!! Do Chopper, you have a good sense of smell, not true? I am testing, but I do not feel anything. Does shit, it thus have no trace there? In which direction does blow the wind? I really do not know in which direction… … but it blows on my left side. On the left, hein? At least it is known that they are not in this direction. Brilliant deduction… Close it! If you do not want to come, then remains here! Allons-y, Chopper. Hein? Of agreement. He, await me! Do not leave me there! Whore, it makes hot… Is it well? It is not kind to be given up in front of a situation like that one. Say to me… What? Are the pirates always like that? What do you want to say? To climb covered with snow mountains, to cross deserts… Yes eh well… Eh well, I think that one is different from the other pirates. Since we have it as Capitaine. I wonder whether I did not embark in the bad boat… It is funny. It is exactly what I wondered still little time ago. Say? You are more the former member of the crew, not true? It is not as if there were differences between more the former members and the whole new. Why do you have joined? Why you me requests that? I have just joined the crew, and everyone appears undisciplined to me and independent. Especially you, Zoro. It is true. In my case, the things were essential themselves. Or something like that. The remainder of the crew is also like me. Our objectives are different as of his. One tries all to carry out our own objectives. Good blood. Once, somebody said… … that seen outside, we did not have the air not welded. Since then, everyone is independent of the Captain. It is damage. I think too. But… At the end of the day, what wants to really say “welded”? Is it right to be come to assistance and to protect the ones the others? There are people who think that. But for me, it is right childishness. Each one should live its life as he hears it and to say to the next guy: “I did what I could. Maintaining with you to play. “ “If you do not finish any, I will explode you the mouth " Isn't this the direction first of a team? When I look at there more closely, I think that is well to have undisciplined and independent companions. Thus I see the things. Now I include/understand what Usopp wanted to say while saying to me to do better than I could. But when he says that, it is more one lie which another thing. Why are we always his/her companions…? Since all this time that we are together, another objective started to take shape. Another objective? Afflicted, I cannot really say what it is. SHADE, OVER THERE! Ca makes good! I WILL CUT OUT YOU OUT OF DISCS! Ca goes, I excuse itself. Hein? Where is Chopper? Ah, it is there. Why is it found in such a position? Does it try to be funny? I know, it is my fault. Afflicted. It is not believable. How a serious conversation it could be finished thus… He, I do not see what I could say of funny. I AM PUFF OUT A HOLE!! Are Oh, you well? Shit… Ca hurts… But what is it that this place? What is it? What is it…? What a similar thing… … made under ground? Good blood, why you are descended?! I am descended using my hands! I do not ask you how but why?! Because that amuses me. IMBECILE! If you are descended, one will be separate of Chopper! Without him, we will not be likely any to find Vivi and the others! Ah, not of concern. Why that? Chopper is also going down. You see? Where am I? Yo, one would say that you are well. Zoro, Luffy! Where are we…? No idea. All that one knows, it is that one is undoubtedly under ground. Under ground? Wow, I am burst. We rest. Yes, Nami-San! Eh well, you show pity. You say that because you were on the back of Matsuge. Whereas me, I walked all length! Thank you, Matsuge. Vivi? I wonder whether Luffy and the others will be able to find us here. They will arrive there. These ruins are at the top of a dune, moreover they are visible of rather far. I hope that you are right. Say, we are still far from Yuba? Now that we reached these ruins, if we continue at this rate/rhythm, should be to us with fallen the night there. Fortunately, we are there almost. Are Hein, then they ruins? Yes, I believe that they go back to one very old time. Our civilization was born on this ground thousands of years ago. Several kingdoms were built and disappeared thereafter. People migrated of places in places in the search of water, which generated wars. Through this country the vestiges of these periods rest. Much of them remains still a mystery. Then it is with the wire of time that the kingdom of Arabasta settled here. It, isn't this is a beautiful story? “Even a country reached by the dryness is brought to disappear.” One would say almost a novel, not? Sanji-Kun! Afflicted, Vivi-Chan… I wanted just to say… It is right a façon de parler… Ca goes. Once again, I think only of me. What a country? Even if the leader changes, the people continue to live. Thus are the habits. I think that if they remain in place when the kingdom changes, it could be that there does not need to fight to defend the kingdom. There are perhaps more important things which really deserve to be protected. After having visited this city with the false rebellious army and to have met the pirates of Sands, I started again to think of the kind. I am sorry to speak about all these strange things. I still do not have myself answer. But what I must from now on do is clear. Because of the secret plans of Works Baroque, a war which does not have a direction is likely to burst. I must prevent that arrives, no matter what it costs some. What they are making will destroy this ground. Even if the history of this kingdom were so cruel… I will not leave to the plan Crocodile succeed. It is decided, allons-y. Are Usopp-San, you well? One stopped too a long time. I cannot retain the force which is in me. Liar. CLOSE it! CA WILL NOT LAST! I will show you the courage of the man called Usopp! I will not fall on the knees also easily! But what you insane?! Then one goes there, Vivi? Dumb, I will lath you! Yes, but for Luffy-San? Yes, yes. Thus do not worry you so much. He said that he was going to beat this merdeux of Crocodile. When it has an idea at the head, it can draw from any situation. You know it well, not? Yes. I can finally better see. Now that I can see, it would seem that we are in an immense dome. Built by the human ones. I think that it is probably an old ruin. How can you the knowledge? Look at that. There is like hiéroglyphes registered on all the wall. I saw something of similar in a book. It is an ancient written form. Who that interests? Most important, it is that this place is very refreshing! Ca makes really good! Let us suppose that you are right, why is this under ground? Eh well… I did not can say… Either the dome was built under ground, or it was buried by sand well later. In one way or another, it would be said well that somebody sought to hide this building. Anyone which did that, that represents one crowned work. I there know nothing the whole and besides I of insane. The only thing that we have to make from now on, it is to break from here. Not true, Captain? Hein? You are sure? However it is well here. Cease groaning and rises! Not, I do not want, I do not want! I want to remain there still a little more. You know that it is hot outside. Of agreement, we magnons and draw us from there. We must catch up with the others. There is this hole that Zoro made when it fell folded from laughing. CLOSE it! Well! What you insane? Shit, I missed because the hole is too small. That is there, I am there…! Brothel what you insane?! I try to clutch me with the rock close to the hole! Fact of shitting, now I am irritated! Well, I feel better! DECREE TO BE ALSO UNCONSCIOUS!! Now that you destroyed the rock, to what we will clutch ourselves?! Ca goes. I have a plan. Chopper, you would make better take again your small size. Oh, then it is that its plan. You hang! Drop, it is the only solution. It left!!!! Zenmai = Jump How will one make to land? How if I knew it! You cannot be serious! I said to you to drop, not?! PAS COMME ÇA!! Beautiful rescue! Where did they pass? Ah! Over there! After reflection, I think that I embarked in the bad boat… One is on same the longueur d'onde today. I say myself the same thing exactly. Usopp, you will end up being lagging behind. Weren't you to show us that you were a courageous man? I announced right what I felt… Hold good. One is almost at the end of the voyage. Es you always anxious? Oh, not I… One can read it on your face. Afflicted. I rely on them, but… It would be said that you will be anxious throughout your life. Eh well, from time to time that can be a good character trait. You all are incredible. Hein? Since Little Garden, I wondered… How it was possible for you to rely as much on your companions? “How”…? Eh well, I never really tried to trust them. In fact, I even never really thought before. It is that which is incredible. There are few people who trust others without the shade of a doubt. Eh well, I am not sure, but… Perhaps that it is because each one among us does best than it can with its capacities. He said a thing on the island from where I come… It is obvious that I know nothing as regards sabers there, morons! I donot can sail either! I donot can cook! I donot can even lie! He. I know pertinently that I need the others to be able to live! I remember these words well. I had this impression: “Then thus the crew of this pirate is.” You know, a person cannot make some too much. No matter what you want to make, it is impossible to only carry it out. You need to have companions. But if they do not do all what is in their capacity for you, that does not have any direction, not? Was Oh, it a strange answer? Not… Thank you. The weather is so hot that I do not know even any more what I say! In fact… it is an excellent answer. It is true. It could be that it is the design of a new country. , Dispatch you go! Now that it was refreshed, it is full with energy and wants to hurry. Hein? What is there? The wind changed direction. I felt something! What? I am sure. It is the perfume of Nami! They are in this direction. Played well! Luffy! One found Nami and the others! Straight towards the sunset! Really? He! The guy! Do not leave all alone! You still will lose yourself, species of moron!! I saw things so much while we travel together… Perhaps that they will bring the answer.