The world Yes! Seek freedom And your world will stand streched out before your eyes. If the endless dream guides your spirits, Conquer it! Bear conviction behind your flag! I began my search,With a blast of water, Toward a boundless,everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light l've never seen When the summer-colored sun shakes the sall of my heart, It's a sign the door to a new world has opened Swaying between the waves, I can escape despair, For the horize on the other side is what I aim for! I began my search, With a blast of water, Toward a boundless, everlasting world With this overflowing passion in my chest, I'll go anywhere Seeking the light I've never seen Do you see anything, Pell? I've checked the roof of every building in the vicinity of the Squre! There is no sign of a cannon! Then it must be inside one of these buildings! I will look inside each and every one! Good! But I feel no anger towards you. Do you know why, Nico Robin? You fool. I've worked with you for four years! I've always known you would do this! water!? When you're wet, I can cut you with a knife! He dodge it! Where!? I forgive you for everything, Nico Robin Because I have never trusted anyone from the very start! That's it! It has to be there! SURE-KILLING RED SNAKE STAR! It presses at the time of a nightmare! It is a Suna Suna team secret base here. CROCODILE! WHERE ARE YOU!? What's with this place? It's falling apart! I'm sure of it! The bombers have to be there! They can't be anywhere else! Are you sure they're up there, Vivi!? If this cloud of sand was part of his plan They must be in a place from which they can still aim at the Squre! And it has to be a space large enough to hold a cannaon which isn't visible from the sky! Look at this place! Bigger than you'd think, right? Wanna make this place our secret base? Yeah! There's no other place I can think of! O-Okay, wait! I'll leave everyone a message for when they get here I'll go on ahead, Usopp-san! Wait, Vivi! Wait! HURRY! Right. We found her! We found the Princess! And she showed us right where to find her! There's still Baroque Works members left! The bad guys followed the signal too! That's Usopp's signal. But what's the Palace doing so far away!? Yosh! I'm close! Do you think they found the bombers!? They must have! Hurry! USOPP NOISE! Worthless! You worthless trash! Okay! Let's go Vivi! They're getting away! Get back here! It took me so long to get here. But, it's finally time! Time to end it all! This land is MINE! You! You're trapped, Croc! Why are you alive? Why do you stand up to me every time I kill you!? WELL, STRAW HAT!? Why did he come here? He would have survived Who is he? Straw Hat How many times do I have to kill you until you're satisfied!? You haven't returned it What you stole. What I stole? Money? Fame? Trust? Life? RAIN!? What do you want me to return? I've stolen more than I can count! The country. The country? That's a funny thing to say. I am just about to take this country! I will become King of this land and rule it! When we came to this island it was already gone. This country wasn't hers! I have to dissuade the Rebel Army. I don't want any more blood to be spilled. Unit recently, this was a lively, green town. I beg of you, Vivi-chan. Please stop those fools! If this was really her country What's wrong with not wanting anyone to die? From looking at this country, what needs to done most is even clear to me! You think risking your one life is going to be enough!? What am I-! I have nothing else to risk Try risking our lives along with yours! WE'RE YOUR NAKAMA! If this was really her country she'd be able to smile more! After that impressive speech, What do you expect to do without any water? Impossible! How did he kick me without using water!? If you had never set foot in my country Arabasta would have been at peace! Doesn't it moves you to tears? The love for the country is what will destroy the country. Crocodile! Wa-! Bastard Was that your blood? Blood hardens sand too, right? Rainbase The Royal Palace And now in this undergound chamer. You've seen Hell twice and still come back to challenge me. I will repay your tenacity Damn you! as a pirate! It seems no matter what I do, you'll keep trying to defeat me. I think it's time I treated you properly as the nuisance you are. He took it off What is that? A poison hook. Oh. As you are a pirate like any other I expect you to know this well. A duel between pirates is a battle to the death. There is no such word as "unfair"! When the explosion happens in the Square above us, this place will be destroyed with it! This is the end. We'll decide the victor once and for all! That way! That's where the smoke was coming from! Or, was it this way? What? Marines! Look! It's Roronoa Zoro! Dammit. The Marines followed us all way to this city. I don't have time for this! No choice, I'll finish this in three seconds. Idiot, how did you get all the way out here!? What do you think you're doing!? That's what I should be asking you! Roronoa Zoro! We were informed that you had no sense of direction, But this is just ridiculous! Turn back! Go back to the last corner and head north! That's take you to the Square! Go back and take a right. This is the wrong way. Are you stupid or something!? Stupid? Hurry! Go! W-What? What's going on!? Run! Keep running, Vivi! Usopp-san, I can't! T-Th-Thank We'll cover you! Please stop the bombing! Now, hurry! Thank you. Hurry, Usopp-san! Right! All unit, secure the area around them and lead support whenever it's needed! Aye! You're ordering me to Alubarna? Should I pursue the Straw Hat Pirates? Or Decide what to do when you get there. Just follow your own sense of justice. Whatever happens, I'll take responsibility. Hurry HURRY! We've lost so much time! I don't understand what's going on, but the Marines just saved us! We really have to hand it to them! Dummy, stay focused! There's gonna be more victims than that if we don't stop the bomb! Right Praying won't stop this explosion! In two minutes We'll either be corpses or heroes! RIGHT! EVERYONE TOGETHER! RIGHT! There they are! Vivi, Usopp! Nami-san! Tony-kun! What's going on? The Marines helped us find you! Did you find the bombers? We haven't confirmed it yet, but I know I'm right! We've been looking at it the whole time, But it was obscured from us! The bombers must be in there! The clock tower I get it! It would be easy to aim at the Squre from up there! If only Pell were here, he could stop the bombing. Pell There is no time left! I know the smoke came from around here, but Gero - sound a frog makes Gero,gero,gero,gero! Hey, listen! I just shot down a really huge bird with my Gero Gero Gun! I have failed! GOMU GOMU NO PISTOL! Just who is this man? The Kingdom's greatest warriors were like ants before Crocodile, and yet Impaled Buried alive Dried out You may have been able to come back from all that But you won't stand again after this one. The fight is over. The poison is already spreading through your body. You don't understand anything! What happened to him? I don't see Pell Hey, Vivi. Even if we know where it is, there's no way we can get up there in a minute! Pell, where are you? Hurry! We're just going to have to try ourselves! The stairs are our only choice! The entrance Oi! Nami-swan! Vivi-chwan! WHY ARE YOU UP THERE!? Why!? Because you left a freakin' message for me! It said "Clock Tower", so I started making my way up. What do you want me to do? Where're the bombers? They're at the top! The top! Get up to the top and kick their asses! Yo! I've been looking for you guys! ZORO! YOU'RE HERE TOO!? What are you guys doing all the way over there? That's what I want to know! I dunno! The Marines kept saying "Go north! Go north!" So I went up this building! "NORTH" AND "UP" ARE COMPLETELY DIFFERENT!! Anyway, good for both of you! Just keep climbing and beat up whoever's going to fire the cannon! They can't! WHAT!? They can't get into the tower from where they are. Other than entering from the sky, the only way to enter the tower is via the staircase on the first floor! But what if we had Zoro break through a wall and The bomb might not be able to withstand the shock of walls being broken! As we thought, the stairs are the only way Wait, Vivi. I just had an idea! Gero,gero,gero,gero~! Hey, listen, Mr.7! You know what? This is our final order! Gero,gero,gero~! That's about the size of it! I'd size it as being about 30 seconds from now! Who are they? Mr.7! Miss Fathersday! Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. What course can I set that will lead me to a better tomorrow? Taking the helm, I spread out the map of miracles I had shut in my heart Aiming for the sky, searching for a dream, there were times when I lost my way But this isn't a dream, I found a wonderful part of myself when I met you With a small bit of courage, I gained something large So now is the time to change my dreams into vows. Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. Let's paint a story of the future And put all of our thoughts into this new wind Shining Ray! Find your brand new way. A never ending journey to be together. I'll chase it anywhere, this Shining Ray!