The opinion of storm of Nami! The explosion of the Climate Tact The hopes of the desperate people are being destroyed by a sand cloud. Some seek hope, and others try to keep a glimmer of hope. Their ideas were mislaid, and in confusion, the curtain of the history was closed on a tragedy. In order to save Arabasta, the companions continue the combat. Sanji was almost overcome whereas it fought against the Kenpo Ballet of Mr. 2 Good Clay. But during their duel, Sanji discovered the weak point of the capacity Mane Basket and finally the victory gained. During this time, princess Vivi ordered the destruction of the palate, in an attempt despaired to save its people. But, a few seconds before the detonation, Crocodile appeared in front of them. Did Luffy-San die? I cannot believe it! Believe it. Straw hat is buried under sand with Rainbase. Wednesday miss. If it had not been implied in your stories, he would have lived longer. Somebody as you could never kill Luffy-San! Eh well, you are enough brave to shout me above, because these pirates are ready to give their lives for you. I hope that you thanked them. Then perhaps that those which died will be able… Where is Luffy-San? Why are you there? … to rest in peace. I can hear grondement battle up to now. They did not can retain the rebellious army at the entry. Vivi and the others are well? You all… They risk their lives in this battle. But me… Therefore, you see… I need a more powerful weapon! A more powerful weapon? And why you want to become stronger? Ben… I am not one fighting… I have a look of hell and I am nice, but… But about what do you speak? But I… One needs that I would be sufficiently strong, not to be a ball… Especially now, for Vivi. Usopp… You include/understand, hein? We are not like them. Their force does not have anything human. They are almost monsters. They are enough strong to overcome no matter whom only with their rough force. But… us two, we do not have their power. We are normal. Once the started combat, we will be too afraid to do anything. And then one will be in their legs since one cannot protect oneself all alone. Therefore, so of people as we want to fight, we need arm powerful! Do not be to you agreement? The reason why you évertues to manufacture new weapons, it is because you want to prove that you are able to beat you like the others, not? Then me too! For Vivi, I want to be able to only beat me! Give me this capacity! It does not remain enough any more of time before we do not arrive at Arabasta. It is true… I suppose that I cannot so easily become stronger after all. Afflicted to have asked you the impossible one. Who said that the lack of time made the thing impossible? Hey! Be to you saying that there exists a thing that Large Usopp-Sama is unable to make? Then… You will do it? I love you! Thank you very much, Usopp! Well, now it is necessary that one discusses the cost of materials… Thank you infinitely! Really! Hey, hey, hey. It is a weapon which you requests. Ca costs money fabriq… Good, good luck! Hey, you me listenings? You two, you are free! Nami-San…? What do I card-index? This noise almost made me die fear. I played the courageous one in front of Usopp. I am supposed to be ready! For Vivi, I will fight! It is true. Usopp held word. In this case, I can do it! I can fight against a femm… You cannot escape to me, pullet. Miss Doubles Finger… She used a lance or what? Or perhaps that it has a capacity, it also… You ace already measuring rod? Thanks to the fruit Toga Toga, I became a woman-spine. Toga = Spine I can create spines with any part of my body. Spines which manage to cross a stone wall like a motte de beurre… If I am once made have, it will transpierce me the body and it will be finished by it of me. Not? You all the same will not fight against me, I hope! And if! It calls the clouds! It makes fall the rain! It even makes blow the wind! Combined good way, these miraculous “Tacts” cause natural catastrophes! You will inaugurate my new weapon! The Climate Tact! What it… Initially, a released time! Ahh, it is nice! Doves which fly away! It IS WHAT THIS SHIT? You are… well? It is in this way that an attack is begun! It is necessary that the enemy lowers his guard. I included/understood, Usopp! It is the end, now! Oh, what a pretty flowers! I CANNOT FIGHT WITH CA! It IS WHAT CA? SAY SOMETHING, BROTHEL! I do not know what it crosses, but… I have sorrow for it. Quickly! Vivi-Sama is in danger! Guns! Bring the guns! We must pass this door, quickly! What… I hope that will help us to have a little calm here. You are obstinate, hein? It is useless to continue to flee. I am well afraid which you have no chance to gain. Ca, it is which you believe! According to the directions for use, there remains still a heap of attacks to be tested! My Climate Tact! You! When did you take? Oh, please… You made it fall. Return the-me! Eh well, take it again. I am not magician, me. And then, I do not need that to beat me. Would be a nice little girl and does not move. Accept your defeat, and I promise a death without pain to you. Or… will you continue your amusing small spectacle of magic? Attention with the lightning! My cheek… I bleed! I wonder whether I will die… I probably will die… I will die… If ever I die, I will return to haunt this naze with the large nose! Naze with the large nose! It could not better do… Hein? Well, now you will die. Ready? It is held under the bridge… But how? It was right! With… wait one second!! Stop! I said to you to wait! Wait! One minute! Only a minute! If I remain in outside, it will have me! It is finished! You will finish out of ratatouille! Ben… I do not prefer! I believed that it was its first combat. It would be said that I was mistaken. It was what? I am sure to have read something of interesting in the directions for use of the Climate Tact presently… It was where? Eh yes! All the techniques described here are brilliant to put environment in your festivals, guaranteed recreation! WHAT A STUNNED! Now, look with the back for the techniques of combat. With the back? Good, where you hide you now, my kitten? Finished playing hide-and-seek! I was a robber during eight years. And in each situation of life or death, I left myself there only! To be compared with the first come girl, is an insult! Good Ah? You see me sorry. What did it arrive to you? It would be said that you found confidence in you. I warn you! Now, I am ready to beat me! Techniques of combat. To know the properties of three Tacts. To blow in each Tact, will produce various types of bubbles. One produced of the hot air. Heat Ball! What? The weather is hotter. Another product of the cold air. Cool Ball! Oh, it makes frisquet. And the last product of the electrified air. Thunder Ball! Oh, that tickles. These techniques must of course be sophisticated, therefore, if you use them during the festivals… Then do not write them!! Is Ca there, you are content? Go! A useful trick! More turn of magic, but a true technique! Afflicted. I do not have any more time to play. I included/understood! The bubble of heat and the bubble of cold! When they stop turning, the bubbles enter in collision and create a draft creating an explosive strong gale! It is brilliant, Usopp! The Tenpo Cyclone is like a boomerang. After the festival, you can go outside and with your friends! I was not even with the current for that! But… Perhaps that now… Which strange weapon… Never lose sight of the fact your adversary before the end of the combat! You turn the back on your adversary during the combat? Did you forget that I try to kill you? I used the Cool Ball to increase the density of the air. The extreme difference in temperature in the air causes a refraction of the light. A mirage! Of also near, it is impossible! Our force anything, is not compared with their. This is why one must use our head to survive! It is as that which one fights, you and me, not? Used correctly, I can cause miracles! It is the perfect weapon for me! I finally included/understood the Climate Tact! Go! Father! Slacken the King, Crocodile! Hold, hold. You really believe that I would have décarcassé myself to immobilize it to let it leave just because you ask it to me? Do Eh bah, reflect a little, you want? Forgive me, Vivi. I wasted the opportunity for which you risked your life… Father… Is Ah, to it the type of things that a father called to his daughter when they are found finally? But now, Wednesday Miss… CALL Me NEVER AGAIN LIKE CA! Firstly, I at all do not intend to let to you live both. It is normal that the royal family falls with her kingdom. Aren't you agreement? But before I take the throne, I have a question for you, Mister the ex-king. Since the beginning, that was my final objective. Cobra. Where is Pluton? You… How do you know this name?