The battle is finished! Kohza tightens the drapeau blanc The hopes of the desperate people are being destroyed by a sand cloud. Some seek hope, and others try to keep a glimmer of hope. Their ideas were mislaid, and in confusion, the curtain of the history was closed on a tragedy. Crocodile, while trying to discover where Ponéglyphe is, announced that a gun would draw on the palate. Will Arabasta fall in ruin? Or will it reach a durable peace? The sand glass of the destiny  again the countdown started again Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! They they are there? Wait, Chaka-Sama! Who are you? It is you! The Tsumegeri guards! Guards of elite of the kingdom of Arabasta: The Tsumegeri guards You stop all! Do not attack this man! They made a breach in the doors! They is the Tsumegeri guards! Our large warriors of elite! Save the King and Vivi-Sama! Your Highness! We four swore to protect you until death! We have of another choice only to attack it! Since we must face one of Shichibukai, we do not have any hope of an equitable fight. Us four  will put an end to it  good once for all. You seem to be rather popular. You four. I will let to you live if you release from there. We will not do it. There is a reason with that! A reason? If you are in the beginning  of this rebellion These contusions! Me known as step! I can? Not, it is useless. Unimportant insects. Impossible Chaka, there is something which bell with them. They To obtain a temporary increase in their force, they drank the water which destroys the life! They drank prohibited water! They have nothing any more but a few minutes to live! Nothing can any more save them! Not! I knew that you would do that. You sacrificed your lives to fight me. Chaka-Sama Forgive us our selfishness. But we must show him  the pain of this country. Imbeciles We must show him  the anger of this country!!!!!!!! GOES IN HELL!!! It is not malignant of your share. You should have more regard for your lives. But I think that it is too late for you to say it! If you decided to die, I, isn't this does not even need to fight you? You will not even fight them? Cha ka-Sama I never saw such a lamentable table! Inhuman Dumb! Chaka! Chaka! Stop! You should not die! Oh, Zoan. Fruit Inu Inu! Inu = Dog Model:Jackal! Thus you also  you want to die  for the others? Alubarna:Northern block - Building of the Medi Government:Main street Shit I lost too much blood I have chance, the wounds are not too deep. But always wounded How they make, the others? Nobody would have died better I want to know what occurred! What?! You had me of a beat of lashes!? But it is a cha- meau! Do not underestimate my force! You ace have a chance with the short straw. Stop feeling sorry for you. Perfect! I will do it! But promise to me a thing! If I am made have, come and saves me, please! Cretin. I save only the Lady. Usopp He Usopp! You What you ace with chialer? Who cries? I do not cry! When somebody says that another cries, it is that it is him which cries! Anything, that wants nothing to say! But This old witch  said  how Luffy died! It is for that Was El- it serious??? You will not believe it, the guy? Of course that not! Large moron! Me too! I did not believe a second there! I included/understood! Let us turn over to the palate as quickly as we can it! Mouchez you! At least until one finished speaking about this battle. Do not swallow it! Thank you you all! It is a little early for the thanks. It is true. If you want to thank the pirates show us the goods How much do you want to extort from this country!? Is it well? Did Nami succeed in fleeing? Alubarna:Northern block/Building of the Medi Government:Lost lane I finally removed it. If it is for that, I can use it only once. The large one of the rebellious army is here. The situation changed But despite everything, I must arrive at the palate. And for Vivi? It would be said that started! Listen, Vivi-Chan. Remember that: After the combat, he eats enormously. Yes WE WILL AWAIT You has ALUBARNA!!! Ouais!!! Well, ducks! One will go there! Go! Appointment with the palate of Alubarna! CHAKA! To be so weak  is a sin. Vivi! Bombardment of the palate Time remaining:25 minutes Kohza! How I see, you used the old secret entry. Do my eyes mislead me? I came to tell the royal army to capitulate But Chaka  and the King  die in the hands of the hero of our country. I cannot believe in it Isn't this amusing? The battle always made there rage. And the leaders of the two camps meet here. This war became a fight to the death between two lizards without head! You seem disturbed. This reaction appears normal. It is very simple. Try to imagine worst scenario, you will not be very far Do not doubt him. Kohza. Do you like this country? Yes! It is the country where I was born. I do my better. Kohza, listening Vivi! Who stole the rain of this country? It is all It was me, Kohza. All that you believed to do for the King  was scheme by my organization. You nicely worked all for me lasting these two last years. Even while the royal family and the royal army hopelessly tried to uncover us. You would be happy death by being unaware of it. DO NOT LISTEN, KOHZA!!! Majesty You can stop it. Save as much world than you can! In less than one half an hour, the palate will disappear in an enormous explosion! WHAT!? You are still in life? GROUILLE!!! NOT!!! Vivi! Release me, Vivi!! What do you make? The palate will become a battle field! It will be bombarded! I will prevent that! I will not let it become a battle field! You are still shocked, you do not have the clear ideas. If you say to everyone that the palate will be bombarded, that do you think that it will arrive? It will be total panic with the palate! Then It will be a war without end!!! Nobody will be saved!!! You do not believe? Good deduction. We must make as at the beginning!!! We must put an end to this rebellion!!! And now  you are the only one with being able to do it! Vivi You believed that I was going to remain there stupidly and to look at to you making? Chaka! I  am the protective spirit of Arabasta! The jackal! That which eliminates the enemies from the royal family! As long as there will remain to me a breath of life, I will fight! It is this kind of anybody whom one calls of the idiots. How you two! I can retain it a few minutes! Chaka The chief of the clan of Sandy does not seem very courageous. Eh well! What doesn't go!? IEA! Why you did that? I am not an adult! Go ahead gently! What doesn't go? I thought that you wanted that I involve you. The second division, return at the base! The second division, return at the base! The fourth line was inserted! The rebellious army crossed the central square and moves towards the Northern block! They will reach soon the palate! DEPLOY THE DRAPEAU BLANC!!! I ORDER TO YOU TO GO!!! ROYAL ARMY!!! Vivi-Sama! What did you say? To go? If we do that, that will it occur of the country? He! Look at! It is It is Kohza! Why the chief of the rebellious army is here!? LISTEN TO VIVI!!! We wish neither the victory nor the war! The battle must finish! About what he does speak? What does he want to say? I will inform the army rebels  how this battle was stripped of direction! We do not have any reason to beat us more! To continue the massacre is useless. Appointment, please! Please! KING SE FINDS OVER THERE IN FRONT OF US!!! Look at! We reached the clock! We arrive at the palate! Prepare you to draw! A- Wait!!! The drapeau blanc? The royal army The drapeau blanc! They go! Kohza-San! It is Kohza-San! Why is Kohza-San here!? Kohza-San Why The battle is finished! All rebels Calm your anger and deposit your weapons! The royal army does not wish to fight longer! Stop, please! Really, Kohza-San? Yes! The war is KOHZA!!!