Ca feels Croco! Course towards the tomb of the royal family, Luffy! What? Will the place be the target of a bomb in 10 minutes? Yes, the explosion is planned for 16:30! You were found, Princesse Vivi! We will obtain a large promotion thanks to your death! One leaves in front! In front of! One arrives at the last limit! The destiny of the country will be decided in 10 minutes! It is out of the question that I let to you pass! Release from my way! Staff sergeant! This woman It is Nico Robin! That made 20 years that there is a beautiful reward on its head! My right hand spreads the dryness with all that it touches. It was right. He does not laugh with his right hand. The garden was transformed into true desert. Where it slipped by? You pushed me with end once too. Missed. Once more, you lost. Luffy with the straw hat, which suitable death. In 6 minutes, the place and its garden will be destroyed in an explosion. Afflicted, but I am in a hurry. You have only to remain here and celebrate the advent of the new King of the Country of Sand. Well I must leave, now. She said that the zone of the tomb was in the West from here. WOA! It WAS LIMITING! I believed that I was going to remain there! This dumb He left. I saw it to fly away by there. You will not leave yourself there so easily! Salt Croco! West of the Palais Royal - Zone of the Tomb (Royal Tomb) Here the tomb of the royal family. The place where the kings of the past sleep for eternity. Where is the Ponéglyphe? A secret staircase! Ponéglyphe rests inside the underground room. Nobody is supposed to know the existence of Ponéglyphe. Do not underestimate the underworld. Even as a sovereign of a nation member of the World Government, you cannot say that you and they know all on all. But I do not throw you the stone. You undoubtedly did not think that there remains still somebody on ground able to read it. You can read Ponéglyphe? Yes. Therefore Crocodile agree to cooperate with me. It is as for this reason as it cannot kill me. I believe that the site of Pluto is engraved in Ponéglyphe of this country. Am I wrong? I do not know. During generations, the royal family of Arabasta carried the load to protect it. That does not mean anything more for us. To protect? Made me not laugh! The place of Imperial mourning. It rests beyond these doors. You told truth. I will not let to you pass How much time will you have to make me front face be satisfied? Nico Robin I will capture you Croco dile! It would be said that you fell on it. Who would have believed that the Navy would continue me up to now, downtown? What did it arrive at your Boss? Did this coward of smoker leave the tail between the legs? The dogs which flee to lick their wounds do not have any right to speak about Justice. It is one of the rules of the sea. You have to only turn over to your HQ of the Navy for there papoter of justice! Crocodile! Useless! WHAT YOU INSANE? According to you? I try to put to me in the skin of Crocodile! How that, I will be able to find from which the attack will come! Close and seeks it! There are only 5 minutes! Still 5 minutes! In 5 minutes, a million people will die! Quickly! It is quickly necessary to find these bomb planters! Chopper! Why you do not use your sense of smell to find them? Impossible! The gunpowder odor downtown hiding place all the others! Ah, Ben Try to feel the odor of bomb planters which would try to make jump the place! AND It Of ODOR IS WHICH TYPE, CA?? How I would know it? Test! A gun which draws a bomb whose diameter of the explosion is of 5 kilometers? One minute! A trick of the kind must be particularly large And to draw it with a gun it is necessary to be near the target. Thus that must be beside the place! Pas le time to make the turn! Here is a short cut! You saw something, Pell? I checked the roofs of all the buildings in the neighborhoods of the place! No sign of a gun. Then it must be in one of these buildings! I will check in each one of them! Yes! Straw hat! By where it left? The croco! The place of the palate where the rebellion gathered will be destroyed by an explosion with exactly 16:30! It should be prevented! The life of million my subjects is concerned! The dogs which flee to lick their wounds do not have any right to speak about Justice. It is one of the rules of the sea. You have to only turn over to your HQ of the Navy for there papoter of justice! Say the-me! Where it left, the croco? Towards the zone of the tomb. By there? Thank you! Which justice? Which General headquarter of the Navy? Hein? I can move more It is odd I ate all this meat It is that a scratch. Perhaps that I am tired a little. What you seek is engraved here? Oh, I see. A secret staircase. Still Still 4 minutes! Are there others of them? It is the only one which your country hides? Disappointed? I held my promise. It is true. Here is a place extremely adapted for the greatest secrecy of this country. Even by using all my resources, I was not able to find this place without knowing where it was. Then here is Ponéglyphe, Nico Robin. It was fast. It is a quite curious artefact which we have there. Were you able to decipher it? Yes. Perfect. Read the-me. Ponéglyphe interests me. Kahira falls to the hands from Arabasta. This is Old Paradise, in year 239. The dynasty Bitein de Taymar begins its reign. The construction of the large Temple of Taph with Erumalu is finished. The hero of Oltea, Mamudin Hey, hey, wait, wait! It is that which we want to know? I contrefous of the history of this country! Say to me where, in this poor wretch country, the most alarming military power of the world is hiding place! Where is Pluton? It is not mentioned. What? Only the history of the country is engraved above. You are sure? Pluto It is not mentioned nowhere. I see. It is thus that. Which damage You were an advantageous partner, but I decided to kill you! Qu The pact that we concluded four years ago is now accomplished. This day, you said to me that if I brought you until Ponéglyphe, you would reveal me the site of the weapon. During your 4 last years with Baroque Works, your intelligence and your commands were exemplary. It was sufficient for me. You were a useful woman that it was necessary to keep within reach. And yet at the end, you reconsidered your word! Ponéglyphe of this country does not contain any information concerning the site of Pluto! Or even if it is registered here, you did not have any intention to say it to me? However I do not feel any anger towards you. Do you know why, Nico Robin? Imbecile! I have worked with you for 4 years! I always knew that you would do that! Water?! I can wound you with a knife when you are wet! It avoided it! Where is I forgive you all, Nico Robin Because I never trusted anybody since the beginning! Considering the reaction of Cobra, I am persuaded that Pluton exists indeed. It only remains me to find it without the assistance of Ponéglyphe. Once this country will be mien, that will be only one question of time. What was it that? It is too early for the explosion of the place. It was you. What did you make? What? Not large thing. This underground room is protected by a mechanism causing its collapse if I actuate a very small pillar. You will die both with me. I swear it on my name, as 12th King of the Nefertari dynasty, I will never leave you the Country of Sand. Where is this? There remain only 3 minutes! An enough large bomb to make jump a 5 kilometers broad zone! There are no so much places where it could be! We sought so much! Why didn't we find it? An enough broad place to shelter a gun there Woa! A stray bullet! A rather broad place! It is not right, Kohza! You ace not right to hide you here! Leader, it is not right!!! Yes! It is inevitably there! They is dangerous, species of moron!! A rather broad place where nobody would check I am not a rebel, species of idiot! Do not seek me, ball! Good blood, they take to me for which? Be not astonished when you will hear that Heu not, be surprised! I am the infamous CAPITAAAIIN Oh, Vivi! You ace found the bomb planters? I know where they are! They cannot be elsewhere! What? For truth? Well! It left! I will prevent the others. Be sure for you of you? I slept well! Hein? Ah yes! My body did not answer any more Then I had a change of course and I had to make a nap. And Now I feel better, therefore THE CROCO! I GO HIM FAIRE SA CELEBRATES! This hole it feels the croco! Eh well, you one are crowned sovereign! You had envisaged to carry out me here to bury me alive, here with you? For your country? But You cannot kill me! If I transform all these rocks into sand, I will be able to escape! You sacrificed your life for nothing, Cobra! Still 3 minutes. With the destruction of this tomb and the explosion on the place, all those which are drawn up across my road will be exterminated in one moment! And then, this country will be mien! CROCODILE! OR YOU HIDE?