Another warrior went himself from there. And then the damage of earthquake… Brothel! You are only the pestiferous ones. You must repurchase yourselves… here and immediately! He, you are mistaken! He, wait! Seto! Release from there! What you make?! The Shandia warriors whom I venerate… have much more pride than that! Kid… The curse is raised! Tears of the large warrior!! When the sun starts its descent in the sky of the West and plunges again in the sea, Lives of your men… will be offered to the Gods. Whore! Which opportunity that of you to find wedged in this crack. That can be only the work of a god. It is astonishing that you sharp still. He raises the ground? You for the ritual prepare! Carry out the sacrifices on the Furnace bridge! Can't He, one wait still a little? The Admiral will return! Leave him two hours more… Not, an hour! Only an hour! I do not want to be burned alive! The sun lies down. The ritual soon will start. You are in sorry state. This is the man who has dared to defy a god? Of what are you afraid? How? To tremble of fear in front of the unknown… To sacrifice the life of people… Ca comforts to you to do that?! Comforts me? To sacrifice a life does not have any direction! Since hundreds of years, we live thus! That is not less true! Silence! Foreigner! It does not matter the size of your gods, lives of your similar are crowned much! The sacrifices are on the Furnace bridge! They will be delivered to the Paradise by the ritual of fire! Admiral! They will burn us! To let die of the poor innocent… I do not include/understand how you can live with that on the conscience! These barbarous acts are inhuman! To live with that on the conscience? Even if this woman of yesterday… WAS MY OWN DAUGHTER?! How can you? You ordered with your characteristic girl to give up the life?! You and those of your species, you will never include/understand the capacity… words of a Priest, witness of the word of God! I must obey the laws of the village! I cannot save it because it is my daughter! It is smaller than the other. Would this be the son of the Kashi god? It came to inflict the judgment to you for to have made run the blood of a god! Which judgment? the same epidemic as that who decimates your village, the Fever of the Trees, carried But now, never nobody any more this disease will not die! You know why?! We discovered a remedy! I hold in my hand right-hand side the bark of Cona! We can extract the remedy, the Hill, of this bark! If we pay some, your village will be saved! You know how much people in did world wait in vain for that? How much people died before it is discovered?! You know?! You reduce to nothing it great step in progress! And as I said it to you, your ritual is ashamed! Finally, I would be judged or will I die? Will I die in this accident? With final, your village will he perish of a curse? Or of an epidemic? YOUR GOD MAKES YOU IT IF FEAR?!! I can hear them words of a wise man. Answer me! What did I thus kill? A snake. Not! I broke the laws crowned and killed a god! And you say to me that it is only one snake?! And that the epidemic of my village is a curable disease?! Can you really save my invaluable village?! Can the village be saved? It can it! Ah, a snake! Look at to me that. He, Karugara. Look at that. Which surprise. This snake had also a grandson. This snake? A snake, hein? Why they are marrent, these deux-là? Whereas they were on the point entretuer there is a few days, the best friends of the world would be said. Karugara is never fact of friend in the village. I never saw it laughing like that. Follow me. We will go down. To go down? The sound of a bell… He, Karugara, are this that this splendid sound… You will see it whether you are to me. Here they are! Astonished, hein? Here Shandora, the City of Gold. We are them survivors of this city. The Gold City… I have the impression to dream. CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Ouah, there is gold everywhere! This city is a treasure! He, Ho… Stop, the guy. They is good. Put aside the belfry, you can take all the gold which your boat can contain. Seto, shows them where the treasure is. Of agreement! You are sure? The villagers are all of agreement. We have a great debt towards you to have saved to us plague. I do not have anything to add. They is so generous of your share, Large Warrior! But, you protected this city during so a long time. It is true. We protected this city. But it is not it treasure which we protected. What we really protected… it is this stele. What is it? Writings? One calls that the writing history… Ponéglyphe. But we cannot read it. It is not your ancestors who wrote it? All of which we are sure, it is that this city, Shandora… a war without mercy endured in order to protect this stele. We must continue to honor affection that our ancestors carried to him. They fought, and as descendants, we must honor the memory with their victory. We venerate our ancestors as much as our gods. But I have evil to believe that this bell can be also large. The tinkling of this bell is a message. A message? It allows the hearts our ancestors who are with the Paradise… to turn over on these grounds when they wish it. We sound this bell, thus delivering these words: “We are there.” The tinkling of the bell represents the last glory of Shandora. It resounds beyond the seas. Never we will ravel ourselves. For this reason this bell, pride of this city, is called the Flame of Shandora. Indeed, the sound is splendid. You find? Of course! This flame has us guided to this island. In the middle of a storm which should have absorbed the sound, I heard it tinkling of this bell. You also, you like to hear this bell to sound? Will you grow as much as this python? Not before a hundred years then! He, you are free to remain as far as you will like it, Norland. since the fall of Shandora. You are the first guests that one receives on this island. Profit fully! Thank you. I would wish to go in the forest, to collect some samples of plants. It is necessary to finish some for good with the Fever of the Trees. Admiral! Admiral! Are He, Ho, which this getup? Look at, look at! Eternal Poses! And a chart! Admiral, it is a chart! Last visitors them left behind them. Is this a chart of the island? Yes, this form of cranium is well this island. The name “Shandora” shows the position of this city. That means “the right eye of cranium”. Then, made attention. Take care to put back you well. Thank you, Doctor! He, that everyone gathers! Norland will make us to taste funny fruit! There is a greenhouse on the boat. We have the many ones there different plants. We will leave you some seeds and growths to be planted. Does this fruit have good taste? Of course! It is also very nutritive. It is beautiful! Ok, one has a gross day in front of us! Large day of what? With drinking around a feu de camp? Ouais! Why? Why friends of did doctor do that? Chief! Norland and its crew are here! Remember. Do not speak with anybody about but it happened last night! They said that they would take sea in a few days. Reflect before speaking. Never we will be able us to include/understand! It does not matter its medicine, this man is only one killer of gods. They of size are with to ridicule our history? That is enough. Put side your feelings and wait patiently until they leave. They are there! Hello, the guy! Is Karugara there? What is there? Why does everyone leave? Where is Karugara? You, isn't this is foreigners? Karugara said that it did not want to see you. Seto! When do you leave? It would be said that they us hate of a blow. He, wait a little! You cannot to decide on a blow of… Enough! Let us continue forwarding. There remain zones of the forest that we did not explore. Was Karugara, you there? Norland passed, and… Yes, I do not want to see his face. If I see his face, I feel that I will kill it! They did not sound the Bell today. Yes, but that is never arrived since the beginning of the month. Ouais. Admiral. In two days, we will have explored all the forest. Ouais… Say to the crew… that we take the sea in three days. Prepare the voyage. Say to them to benefit well from this country before they are attached too much there. Admiral, I believe well that they in have enough of this austere island… Not as much as we will not have not accomplished our duty. Will sleep. You should install you here, Norland! I know! You should marry you with MUSE! Anything! My family awaits me in my country. I have a kid of his age. I must return. Karugara said that it did not want to see you. When do you leave? I know that you are there, Karugara! Show yourself! Didn't that last enough? Say to me what it occurs! I would not include/understand if you do not say anything to me! We soon will take again the sea! I do not want only one separates like that! DOES NOT SHOW YOU! You for you come repentance?! Karugara!