One precisely spoke about you. You want something? Ouais! Return the gold which you stole in Papi Head of Diamond! Gold? You want to say that of the old Cricket? I will return to him who flagstone! I stole it to him, as a pirate. You are a pirate you also, then you do not have lessons to give me. However if. These guy are my friends. Then I theirs will return. ichi oku No otoko The man has 100 million! The greatest council of the world and the pirate Beard Black! sekai saikou kenryoku to kaizoku kuro hige I would like to know… You can fight? Do you can at least strike?! What have I to fear of one weakling like you? W-were right… It is well him! Eh! What you swings still with this trick? You can make confettis of them! But, and if this opinion of was research a truth? If it is worth really 100 Million Berrys… Bellamy will be never enough extremely for… Ridiculous! Look at to me this kid! One in vain looks it from every angle, it does not have anything a dangerous murderer. I really start to doubt this poster to 30 Million me too! If you remainders planted to tremble of fear like presently… you risks not of me to take again anything. Lopette! This afternoon, it was different. It is that! In what is this different? This time I will make sure that you will miss me never again of respect! Ca collapses! One will finish some quickly! SPRING SNIPE! He! Straw hat jumped! Small maggot! What it came to make here, this snotty-nosed kid? Bah, let us admire the show of Bellamy! It had a large mouth, but there one would say rather than he flees like a yellowbelly! I see any difference. Nothing changed since presently! I believed that you had to take again gold to me! You ace that mouth! You do not make the weight vis-a-vis me! Be right good for you with radoter with your stupid dreams! For which you want to be made pass?! It falls us above! We draw! You can fight as much as you want. Nobody can escape with my capacities Hamper Hamper. [Note:Hamper = Spring] Be already re-silvered to you?! What a shame! This snotty-nosed kid is really not of size to face Bellamy. Do not say to me that he already died! It was raised! I do not have the intention to finish some so quickly! I am on the point of to begin the true show! SPRING HOPPER! Bellamy disappeared! It is the technique with which it spread out Roshio the Executor! These guys are your FRIENDS?! Ah yes, it is true that this old man and its monkeys are same species as you! A band of morons who gobent the lies of a dead type four hundred years ago! Which Gold City? Which celestial island? The COMPLETED ERA OF the DREAMERS EAST! YOU ES THE SHAME OF THE PIRATES! Do I can strike? Stop it, Bellamy! The good-for-nothings as do not deserve to him no food in the real-world! GOOD-BYE, STRAW HAT! He, Bellamy, stop blaguer! Go! You cheeks the comedy, not true? Say something! He, Bellamy! Stop talking cock! Be raised and made us your usual show! Bellamy!! You have a premium of 55 Million Berrys, you remember?! Exact! Guys of this afternoon… They have both a premium higher than holds, Bellamy! T you see, I had said it! The gold of Papi. Return it to me! To repair the boat! To hoist the prow! They have fishing, these guys! It is done! They took one removed rust from and they are already on feet! And even while Chopper look after their wounds… They recover drôlement quickly! Why you did not accompany it? Hein? But it is what your problem? A blow it is “does not fight! ”… The other, it east “fight! ”… Then, “does not go there! ”… And “Go ahead!”. It is not what I wanted to say. But you also, you are taken a beating, not? A beating? It is not as if they were across our way. I do not like to fight adversaries which make me pity. What do you tell? Be to you idiot or what? The farm! Insane me the camp! You me genes! What you ace?! Always make of it you that at your head! Why I would listen to you?! He Ho! Made blunder, species of morons! Ben, surely because I am right always! This boat is our well most invaluable… Break from there! He! Stop-that, cretins! What you ace?! Never repeat that! Ca is enough, band the weak ones! I have it! I have it! This species of dwarf… It was a blow of bowl… HE, JERK! WAIT! I AM ALWAYS, YOU DO NOT SEE?! GO, BRINGS ITSELF! Y' does not have average that one loses in front a stupid dreamer in your kind! WHAT THERE IS?! OR YOU GO, STRAW HAT?! Where? In the sky! Then these types made fall Sir Crocodile, one of the Captains Corsairs… Monkey D. Luffy and Roronoa Zoro. Santoryu Ougi! [secret technique with three sabers] Sanzen Sekai! [Three thousand worlds] To strike a man in the back is humiliating for a sword-man. Admirable. EXCEED me! RORONOA ZORO! Then as that these kids attracted attention of the World Government, hein? CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Holy Land, MarieJoa How? The Russet-red one? Yes, its intrigues become worrying. Lastly, it is not like if it had moved in person. Exact! It is about an action indirect using a messenger. But all the same! A meeting between White Beard and the Russet-red one is really dangerous! [Note:Sekai Seifu Saikou Kenryouku = greatest political authority in the world; Gorousei = the Council of the Five Seniors] Hum. It is exact, indeed. However, if we let the Russet-red one become insane furious, it could escape our control… Nevertheless, it does not have the ambition to change the world with him all alone. Satisfy we to observe it without making hasty decisions! In the immediate future, which imports, it is the problem of the Seven Powerful Corsairs. We must quickly find a substitute with Crocodile. It is advisable to fill this vacancy. If the Three Great Capacities came to to crumble, the world itself would fall of pieces. Measures should be taken. Well! This is why we have already convened the Seven Powerful Corsairs. But I am unaware of how much enter they will answer the call. They are pirates after all, they make any only at their head. Rotten Crocodile… With your schemes, you have us put in a delicate situation. And as regards this man who overcame it… We cannot any more leave it to run the seas with impunity. Monkey D. Luffy. Arrival with MarieJoa, District General of the Navy… Seven Powerful Corsairs… Donquihote Doflamingo-sama… Follow-up of Bartholomew Kuma-sama. [One of the Seven Powerful Donquihote Corsairs Doflamingo Ancienne precedes:340 Million Berrys] [One of the Seven Powerful Bartholomew Corsairs Kuma Ancienne precedes:296 Million Berrys] H-He! Stop… What takes to you?! It is not me! My hands do not obey me any more! Stop your conneries! It is not the moment to joke! It is not a joke! I do not control myself any more! How if I went gober that! Ca is enough! What you have both? You want to kill me?! BUT NOT! Stop! Where you believe you?! [Amirale Defect of the General headquarter of the Marine Tsuru, Chef d'Etat Major] He! Ca is enough! I know that it is you, Doflamingo! Stop that immediately! If I do it, say us what one has to say… and let us stop with this stupid meeting! H-He! Stop, idiotic! Stop! Slacken them, Doflamingo! Dumb! Enough! Cease these squabbles! It is a war which you want? [Admiral as a Chief of the General headquarter of the Navy High Ordering Sengoku Marine the Buddha] Ah yes, all my excuses for my delay. I am happy that you came. Rabbles of the seas. And well, terrible opinion that you have us. , Want you start? I guess that nobody any more will come. In to have joined together two on six exceeds already my hopes. You astonish me! I did not want to come either. But the businesses go so well on the island which I am désoeuvré. Therefore, here me is. I see. It is rather painful to hear. There is nothing more opposing to learn that the businesses of the pirates go so well. You are of provocative mood. It is not worthy of Buddha, that… Admiral as a Sengoku Chief. I believed to hear a futile discussion. Would I be misled to me in place? Eye of Falcon! The General headquarter of the Navy and Seven Powerful Corsairs… A roundtable with two groups of power equalizes in conflict… great interest with my direction does not have. Ben, known as thus! You stays well the last that I expected to see arriving. I would never have believed… but you… What? I am here only in so much that simple observer. I am interested in certain pirates it will be question this time. It is all. In this case, will not see you objections so that I assist with this meeting me too? Lastly, not completely in as long as simple observer. Good god, but which are you? How you entered here?! And well, I did not expect to see so many prestigious characters brought together here. By chance… … this meeting… … I came to assist to with it… … and to take share there. I learned that Crocodile its place had lost… and I wondered to times you whether would not seek a successor to him. You… You would be Laffite?! Laffite? Oh, I see that you know me. I am very honoured. It was a famous guard peace of West Blue… But its inclinations for the ultra one violence cost him the exile. It is old story. But what you think of me imports little. I came to propose a certain person within the Seven Powerful Corsairs. Shanks… Ca makes a long time that I did not hear this name. Then like that, this is letter of Shanks? Yes. It appears that it is very important… It thus sent me to be ensured that it would arrive at good port. Congratulation. Ca did not have to be easy to arrive up to now. Not, it was my duty as new recruit of the Pirates Of the Russet-red one. [Pirates Of Russet-red (New recruit) Rockstar, Premium:94 Million Berrys] But, that made a few times that I officiate in piracy. I must say that I am rather famous. He, you over there! You already intended to speak of Rockstar, not true?! Not, that says anything to me. And then, he said that the King of the Seas was the best thing than it had ever tasted… Wait! Q - What! To send a letter to me to me…! Since when this kid he believes so important?! He, But wait! Okashira specified well that this letter was very important! [Note:Okashira = Chief] O it is in the train of to speak about Russet-red there! Es you conscious of what you do?! I am White Barbe! Captain, you drank alcohol too much. Idiot! I drink when I want to drink then that cannot make me of evil. Okashira said that this letter was urgent! I guess what it acts. It is about Ace and Barbe Black. You will say to this snotty-nosed kid of Carrot Hair… that if it has something to say to me, it would make to better bring to drinking and to point itself! You can lay out now. I have to better do than to discuss with a small scrapings like you. Mug of cake! [The man most extremely of the world. The large one pirate Beard White Edward Newgate] Always also dry, the old man! Y' does not have what to laugh, Okashira! I suspected that would happen like that. Give me more time! Me had ever been humiliated kind! He, Ho! But what do you say? Drop! You made ace of the good job. Now, returns! But my honor is ridiculed! The life is more important that honor. There is no more only you can make. You gave him what to reflect. Then? What goes one to make, Okashira? One moves! Prepare the boat! One will see White Barbe? Just. You believe that the Government will remain without anything to say? I am not done any for that. What? The Government that will surely not tolerate… But if they are put transversely from our road, that will heat! Ahead the guy! Will have action there! Ouaip! Take our better rum barrels! Teach? Yes. It is the name of the Captain of our pirate crew. Ever intended to speak. If nobody know it… it could never be used for to impress the other pirates. Exact, we of it are conscious. Moreover we prepare one small operation to cure it… if ever you give us a little more time. It is amusing! He! Give them a chance, Sengoku! The crew to which I belong name the Pirates of Black Beard. Try to remember you! Did He, you hear? It appears that Bellamy was made demolish! By which?! I found that 30 Million it was not sufficient for a kid with so much of ambition… But, as long as that… Whereas will be done, Capitaine? He, jerk! Remain not planted in the middle of passage like a large dung! It is not the moment to irritate me this evening! Crush! I am not interested in small fish! It is at least a head with 100 Million that we needed! I aim at the gold mine! And it is already moving! One finally will go to claim our reward! Captain! We were not to find Laffite in this city? [The Quartermaster of the Pirates of Barb Black. Champion Jesus Burgess] It would seem that its future was some share elsewhere. It is the destiny which wanted it! Isn't this, Auge? [Note:Trough = Eye (German)] [Captain of the Pirates of Barb Black. Black beard Marshall D.Teach] [Tireur d'élite of the Pirates of Black beard. Supersonic Van Trough] Exactly! The human existence is in permanence controlled by the destiny. [Ship's doctor of the Pirates of Black beard. The Reaper Doc. Q.] Papi Head of Diamond! I bring back gold for you! Await me! Soon… I will be soon of return!!!