Nami? One was made have. Our spoils DISAPPEARED! The pirate boat disappeared! What? They will escape! Catch up with them! But Major. This zone conceals rocks emerged from everywhere. It is very riqué to continue the continuation as long as the fog did not rise. Yes I know it! Ahead! But You know what it will occur if one lets them slip by?! One will be overpowered sarcastic remarks and will be underestimated by the other bases of the Navy! It would be a terrible affront! You want to say. that fortress of Navarone could Exactly! Our reputation will be tarnished. They will treat us dead losses which are not rotten to even capture a fly. They will start again the polemic to know so yes or not, they will have to crush us. Then! You could support that as sailor of the Fortress of Navarone?! To in no case! With all the ships! Changement de vitess! And plunge in the thick fog! It is the ocean! One will be able to leave if one continue straight! One does not leave! Change course! Made half-turn! Immediately! It is necessary to turn over to the fortress! Soldiers of the Navy us concealed all our gold! What you say?! Is Ouais, but reasonable? Nami one came very close to death for to succeed in arriving up to now. Yes it is reasonable, it is all what there is of more reasonable! That would not have any direction of to leave from here without our gold! When the money is in play, that does not laugh any more. Nami-san is so beautiful when it is in this state! But looks at! A so large breach was made! That would be damage of not to thread there, nan? We are pirates, not true, Luffy? Ouais. You do not think that they is ashamed for pirates to leave a treasure behind them? Ah, I see. Well, it is decided then! Made half-turn! Change the direction of the rudder! Cape towards the fortress! Yes, well included/understood. Ouais! All that Nami-san orders! Bar with starboard! Go! He, the guy! You shake what?! Made not anything! It is well, it is well. Continue like that! Make sound the bells! Make still sound them! The fog reduces the visibility. Let us avoid the collision! It occurs what? Keep silent yourself Luffy! Hein? A wind small bell? It is a bell of alarm which allows to announce its position to his/her comrades. That fears! The waves come from face. Here! Nami-san, that presents itself well, hein? At all! With port side immediately! Hein? Trajectory is changed! If one continues it is the assured collision! It is for the interest of Nami-san Go! One will be made strike! I failed to be reduced in crumbs without to have been able to see the glare of our gold! I wonder what it occurs in top. Still? This time, small bells wind mills are more numerous! They come very from opposite. A ship, two Not, there are several ships in approach! It is what this brothel! Nami-san! One transfers with port side or starboard? With port side all!! It is necessary at all costs to leave this fog! What it occurs, good blood?! One types oneself some, trust Nami-san and all will occur well! It is the best navigatrice in the world. It is time, one will strike! Lord the Almighty One has escaped it beautiful. Let us continue straight! One should not waste time. That becomes urgent to leave of this awkward fog. One will be made locate! Ouais, exact! If one leaves this smoke, one will become the game of a shooting! Our bodies put in parts will sink in the sea! Then one will throw oneself to water! Miss Navigatrice. I consulted file. Formerly this fortress was populated even. And it appears that several ships of war were used there. He, Robin! You do not believe that the moment is badly chosen to tell us an old history?! They are ships of reserve. They are certainly in ruins per hour that it is. This is why there is much of unused docks in bay. Unused docks. I see!! Robin, it is a good pipe, that! The guy! One will hide Merry in this unused dock! Hein? But it is where?! You have only with to follow my instructions. Qu-Quoi?! Call the guards! Question to see them whether the ship of Straw hat crossed the gate! O-Oui! Call to the guards. Here the vessel of Drake. The ship of the band of Did straw hat pass? How?! Apparently no ship the gate did not cross. How?! Where you disappeared, dirtinesses of pirates It could be that you slipped by beyond the horizon while the artillerists were plunged in the fog? Humm All my excuses! We lost sight of the fact the pirates whereas we had reached the ocean. They volitilized how by magic! Ah, in the final analysis Well, you made good job. For the moment, return at the base. We will establish a new strategy. There is no reason that they leave from here. As long as their dream resides in this fortress. CYB3RFR34K-ISO GOMU-GOMU-NO-FANSUB Let leave to me! Or I will carry felt sorry for near the court martial for offense towards a superior! You hear that? The cour martiale! Will have you that to do it when you can it. You! Slacken this person! All our excuses, Lieutenant! I warned you! I am the special inspector envoy by the HQ of the Navy. The Lieutenant of frigate, Shepard! Hum The band of Straw hat some share by there must be. I want well to take them in hunting still a little. I will wait until they leave their burrow. These pirates of Straw hat we gave wire to retordre. Research will show after it delicious meal which will give again us forces. It is what that? It is different from it that one ate this morning. Ouais, I never ate a meal like that of this morning until now He, cooks!! Spin us of good puff out like this morning! Slip by of good food us! Slip by of good food us! Jessica-san! Slip by of good food us! All the soldiers complain about the meal. Slip by of good food us! Slip by of good food us! Slip by of good food us! Finally Leave us to use this receipt! Slip by of good food us! My friends, where thus the honor passed cooks of Navarone? Jessica-san! This cook was perhaps a pirate. Only, it concocté dishes for soldiers returning of their mission the empty belly. It is a cook of exception! It is true. Its kitchen had the virtue to give energy! An incommensurable number soldiers are them also fallen under the charm. Please, reconsider your words. Please. Please, Jessica-san. PLEASE! I do not want to lose vis-a-vis him. We will prepare ourselves the goods dishes which give people full with energy. But today, let us put our self-esteem on side and let us borrow its receipt that it left us. It is true that when it found in this kitchen, he was not a pirate but a cook out-par! And the priority of a cook is to be able to satisfy its customers! Jessica-san! You dispatch! Made not await the customers! Ouais! Then Nami One will do what there? It is not yet too late One can move towards the gate to leave to reach the ocean. Ouais, soldiers from here do not make the things with half. Even if one wants gold, one risk our skin, what! Do Luffy, you think what of it? I want gold but I have the flagstone! Sanji, prepares puffs out it! I will throw an eye on ingredients and to see what I can do. But our reserves are empty! While excavating as it is necessary, something well will be found. You want to really flee by giving up gold here? Ouais, ouais. Ah ah, what a damage! The division of this treasure would be equitable, it is obvious! Normal, considering the enormous quantity of gold! Our life would be so much more comfortable with each one our share Ouah! The same share each one! Naturally. I awaited it!! I go to buy a bronze statue to me! Really? I could to buy books to me? Last medical books! I would like to study the last techniques medical appeared that I am still unaware of! A new pan, a news frying pan, ustensils and an effective rat-trap It me will remain about it more than one should not any. I could drink as much as I want. Then? Oui-Oui! Initially, 80% represent my hidden economies. Wait a little! I joke! Obviously how it is a joke! Who would have economies also colossal?! Major the part of this gold will use to repair the boat. The boat? You want to speak about Merry? Exact! It is our Going all the same Merry which took us along up to now. Now that I think there it is true that one embarked from my village native in East Blue and badly not sailed with It dates a little but. I undertook personally design of this ship and of the assembly with to start from my plan until the placement of the veils. I present Going Merry to you! Hurry to go up. One is friendly, not truth? Ca-captain It is me, the Captain! Do not say anything! It is me, the Captain! This ship transported things so much, it east impresses memories. I decided to leave our island. Good I from go away. I go there. One crossed the Mountain Reverse and travelled on Large Line thanks to him. Incredible The backward flow of water point towards the top. It left! One entered the clouds! I see it! It is thus that, more large sea in the world. Large Line! One Piece is some share with far! GO!!! Then, one went in the Celestial islands Who is the navigatrice of this boat? It is you, Nami-san! m 262.703 B 267.711.265 715.269.709 B 270.706.273 702.275.698 B 277.696.277 695.283.686 B 287.680.290 675.291.673 B 298.663.304 655.311.647 L 322.635 L 344.614 B 357.599.366 588.372.580 B 377.571.380 560.380.549 B 380.537.374 526.363.518 B 352.508.338 504.322.504 B 312.504.304 505.297.509 B 289.514.283 518.279 He, band of idiots, made what Nami-san orders! Ouais! ONE FLIES!! Brilliant! This boat flies! Nami-san, you are superb! m 262.703 B 267.711.265 715.269.709 B 270.706.273 702.275.698 B 277.696.277 695.283.686 B 287.680.290 675.291.673 B 298.663.304 655.311.647 L 322.635 L 344.614 B 357.599.366 588.372.580 B 377.571.380 560.380.549 B 380.537.374 526.363.518 B 352.508.338 504.322.504 B 312.504.304 505.297.509 B 289.514.283 518.279 J-I I love you!!! Me I already protected it ship with the danger of my life! Not! Stop! Please, stops! All but not the boat! Shit! Then there was this unknown who repaired us the ship. I It AI SEEN FOR TRUTH!! It is insane with all that it boxed, it held good! It held out until now, but it in ruins, isn't this falls? I am of agreement. It is the great patching up of Going Merry! I am therefore! Well, I do not know yet with how much will rise the total expenditure One will have to reserve the division equitable until the resumption of the treasure. Us were plundered majority of our food, but what was with the interior of the refrigerator was intact. Eh well, go ahead. Indeed, do-it-yourself of amateur of Usopp will not allow us to go well far. I said it to you! I am gunner and not naval engineer! But the old Mechanic-san had also advised me that it would have to be done to repair for good. The ideal would be to take it along on a shipyard so that a true engineer naval can occupy itself some. There thus exist people more qualified that you in repair, Usopp. From time to time it is better that a pro takes care some, if not one could regret it! Ouaip! It is decided! One will seek a naval engineer to become our companion. One will live still full with adventures. Ouais. Its aptitude will be essential. Ouais, ouais. Merry, it is our house with all. It is our life! One will go in the search of an engineer who will take care of the ship! It starts again It is so rare when it express yourself on essential things. It is important! It is what one will do! Then, it is decided! Ouais, that would be well to find somebody. And also a musician! Not, drops. It is quite beautiful to give objectives, but you had not forgotten the condition sine-qua not? Which? One must recover our gold! Indeed. Still should it be known where our gold is stored Probably in a trunk. It well is known, that. It is precisely because one does not know the place of the trunk which one breaks the head! Do not excite you. Here perhaps? It is only one presumption But if gold is dissimulated in the fortress, it is surely in the part best kept. That does not astonish me by you, Robin-chan! It is true! This place with the air to lend itself to it! Ok, everyone! One goes over there and our gold is recovered! But one will leave Going Merry here? It would be likely to be discovered. If you want to hide a tree, hide it in the forest! If you want to hide a ship, hide it among all the ships! Of agreement, it is right that. It is not a ship only one can dissimulate so easily Formerly, this dock was an old building site naval where and repaired the boats were manufactured. When we moved here, I have between outline several intact materials. I see! I have just had an idea! Here what one will do. I would need your assistance to all! Ouais!! Then? With that, there will not be any more blood of ink to be been done for Merry! To disguise our Going Merry in the ship Navy, what a brilliant idea! I wonder whether one will pass sufficiently unperceived under this getup merdic. While looking under several different angles, I see only a navire de guerre Navy! Yes. It is serious? Well! It is time to recover our gold! The guy, our mission will begin at midnight crushes! Of agreement? Ouais!! But why one does not start now? Ben, it is obvious, one more fishing will have the night. Ah ok!! It is for environment, I see! I see. Euh That does not have anything to see! Going merry is now in safety but , you wait there will not go there like that! Good blood, to move in group, it is too much risky! Listen well, I go you to reveal my special plan. Soon in One Part: Not there, it is me! Soon in One Part: Plans of the resumption of gold and of the recovery of Waver! I will become valorous warrior of the seas! You too? and of the recovery of Waver! Plans of the resumption of gold