Angel Beach The island of God:Upper Yard. In the ruins which surround Giant Jack, several men started the combat. Eisen Eisen Whip In the middle of a fight wild for survival, warlike Shandia, Laki, fall under the power of Eneru God. LAKI! During this time, the python swallow Nami, Gan fall and Aisa who make a meeting unexpected in its stomach. The Attack of the Spouting out Blades! Zoro VS the Priest Ohm!! Shit! The first thing that it is necessary that I kill it is Did I have it? He did not die yet? Then I will continue to draw to him above until it is! Brothel! The extensible saber of it Priest is really shitting! I must initially kill this snake! It is necessary that I left Nami and it odd knight of in it if not Good, they were straightforwardly gobés thus they probably did not die yet. But they will not hold indefinitely, it is only one matter of time. Eisen [Note:eisen = iron (in German) & whip = whip] Here it is! Where did this type pass? Eisen Eisen Whip You will not be able to escape my attacks. Just like the mortals cannot nothing against inescapable death. It is your destiny. Accept it. But to explain you that is only waste of time. You do not certainly know all in connection with death. In your ignorance, you are interested only in gold that you have opposite you. You do not even see that the destiny includes all and that your existence is transitory. Which sadness. Where is it? Where did it go? From where will it attack me? Eisen Eisen Whip But what does it occur here? How does it know where I am? It is as if it could to see through the walls! Who is this type with pointed sunglasses? Die, intruder of the Blue Sea! I do not have time to lose with you! Another voice has just disappeared. In the higher ruins, there is still 5 remaining men and 2 animals. Not. Eisen Eisen Whip Make your Ohm prayer! There remain 4 men and 2 animals. [Note:technique with 2 sabers] [Note:Vagueness of the Falcon] Eisen [Note:steel fill] [Note:Vagueness of the Falcon] Q-what? A steel wall? This sword is made ferronimbus. You really believed that a cloud always the same form had? Species of! Eisen [Note:range of steel] Eisen [Note:steel fork] Eisen Eisen Foil Brothel I cannot avoid them. But why? It anticipates all my movements! What doesn't go? If you want to use these katana, then you will have to approach me sufficiently to be able to wound me. It is there that you are mistaken! SANJUU POUND HOU [Note:gun gauges 36] Eisen Eisen Whip Ca will break! Shit! Your technique is interesting, inhabitant of the Blue Sea. But you will be satisfied to play this little game? Even if you do not see me me, I know where you are, if although I could touch you. It is the capacity of Mantra. One A Shandia warrior fear of a dog does not have. Another has just disappeared. That leaves us 3 men and 2 animals. But more for a long time. There will not be soon more that 2 men and 2 animals. You seem to be the major asset inhabitants of the Blue Sea. Your companions fought well. But, I already decided to transpierce you the heart. Make your prayer with God, epeist of the Blue Sea. Cretin! I will never request God. Which sadness. With final, the only difference in the life is to die early or late. Well, make as you will like it. I have some to hear you enough to preach your sermons. Even if I cannot see you, your extensible sword will say to me exactly where you are! And you will die at the moment even where you will know it! A blade, 36 passions Two blades, 72 passions Three blades [Note:Technique with 3 sabers] [Note:Canon gauges 108] It broke the ferronimbus?! CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Not! Not! Not! Not!! A dead end! Gomu Gomu No Fuusen [Note:Fuusen = Balloon] He Ben, this magic cave is really dangerous! I said to you that it was not a cave. We are in the stomach of the snake! Do Ah, Nami, that go? NAMI! He, Nami! Recover! NAMI! I am THERE. Release me! You want to strangle me?! Then you are safe. What you make, Aisa?! It is our enemy! One of the enemies who have stolen the ground of Shandia! I v will kill it! He! What you will gain there in killing the odd knight here? Before the arrival of Eneru, it was the chief of the celestial people. The celestial people which forced us, us them Shandia, to leave our grounds! It was not 400 years ago? It is not as if it were its fault. I am ready to give you my life if that can alleviate your anger. But it is not by withdrawing me life which you will find a solution. The quarrel which tears Shandia and the celestial people will persist. Our ancestors concealed you your grounds, with you Shandia. How do I can repurchase myself? I did not find any of it. Time passes, and I do not have acts. I am impotent. If I could it, I would incline myself in front of each one of you. That the Shandia warriors of these 400 last years who fought and who died for their grounds my more sincere excuses accept! The odd knight risked his life so that everyone can live in peace in the sky. Then, if you How could one live in peace with such cruel people?! These people are not cruel! Those which are really cruel are those which refuse to coexist! Amn't I right? Aisa!! P Why you stopped me?! Cretin! He excused himself! There is no reason to kill it. The Gold City, Shandora. The Gold Bell, which was to sit here in the middle of the city, disappeared. There was to be Ponéglyphe registered on the belfry which supported it. If my theory is exact, the city would have fallen while testing to protect this Ponéglyphe. The belfry where it was registered Ponéglyphe must be hidden some share. But if it is the case, where can it be well? Oh, which is thus? Rails of tip truck? They were used for to transport something. They are still in state. What could they transport well? Isn't this splendid? Even after having been propelled in the sky, this old city exists always in all its splendor. Shandora. However, a legendary city cannot expose its splendor if this one is covered by the clouds. It is me which discovered it. My stupid predecessors had never noticed it. And you are? God. You impressed me. You seem to be one archeologist of the Blue Sea. We spent months and month to locate these ruins. I see that it becomes easy of to find, if one can read their inscriptions. But gold that you research is not here any more. You are in delay of a few years. Gold? Now that you it said, I did not see any. Then it is you who took it. It was to be thus. This famous metal is very coveted by people like me. Then you also took the Gold Bell which was there? Hum? A Gold Bell? It is not with the current? It is very interesting. You! What you learned in deciphering these symbols? Nothing, unfortunately. If it were not there on your arrival it is that it is not ever gone up in the sky. Pride of Shandora. A gigantic Gold Bell and the Large Belfry which supported it. This belfry interested me. Not, wait. It was here. It is here, in the sky! It was 400 years ago, the day when this island flew away in the sky It is well that, the day when the island from God, Upper Yard, was born The knell of a giant bell resounds in all the territory. The elder ones baptized it song of the island. It is thus that! This bell was out of gold! Splendid The play touches soon at its end. There remain eight minutes. While waiting, I you suggest that we sought in the surroundings the Gold Bell! Is the Gold Bell assembled in the sky? And thus Ponéglyphe with! I hear a ver de terre on bank of the island. Hold good, I you in beg, Usopp-san, Sanji-san. They still do not have begun again knowledge? But But they will be restored soon, Père. Of course. They are noble-hearted mans. There is no reason that they are not left there. Conis-san. I hope that once it sky will have found peace I could help the others with to appreciate what their heart contains, you including. Father That do it pass, Suu? It is the hour of your meal? Suu, that there does it have? You have some share badly? Summers you? Six years ago, I belonged to those who fought at the sides of Gan Fall-sama. What wants to say that you are a true Soldier of God? We were locked up in a cave Dear Sir, that did occur? Conis-san, the case help! Quickly! Yes, Father! Wait! I have a woman and one child on Angel Island. Yes, everyone is anxious for you all. Please, say to them! Eneru all will destroy! Skypiea will be returned in the Blue Sea! All the country will disappear! C It is impossible! Time ago to lose! Dispatch you to inform everyone! Eneru is about to exterminate all inhabitants of the sky!! To exterminate all the inhabitants of the sky? With Wait, please! If it does that, Eneru God will not have null leaves where to also go him He has the Arch! The Arch, Maxim! The Arch Maxim? What you go?! During these six years, we were forced to manufacture an Arch which flies through the sky! I hope that once it sky will have found peace I could help the others with to appreciate what their heart contains, you including. FATHER!!