After the campfire, late at night, At the same time, the three Priests, Ohm, Gedatsu, and Shura had been summoned to God's Shrine. Ohm, Gedatsu, and Shura had been summoned to God's Shrine. Ohm, Gedatsu, and Shura had been summoned to God's Shrine. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. There, God Enel appeared before them. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. Tomorrow, I will open all the land of Upper Yard to you. You may work your Ordeals anywhere you please. And disregarding the rule, you may conduct yourselves in as violent a manner as you see fit. Hey, Merry. Who was he? Let's get going then! Aye! THE PYTHON STRIKES! THE SURVIVAL GAME BEGINS Oi! Where are you going, Zoro!? That's the wrong way! West is this way! Man, your sense of direction surprises even me! West? That way's east! Oi, Luffy Weren't you listening!? We're going to the skull's right eye so we have to go right! You moron! They're both screwed up. We're trying to go south. Would you go tell them this is the way we want to go? Yosh, no problem. Luffy! Zoro! What? South? Why didn't you say so? The weather's so nice today~ Luffy, that's a great stick! The weather's so nice today~ Luffy, that's a great stick! You bet! But you can't have it! Gotta find your own! Aw I want one Stick! Stick! What's so great about a stick? I thought that this forest would be scarier! What? It's not that bad! Hey, Chopper. You gonna be brave today? Yep! I feel much safer with these three! Seriously, this has been a disappointment. When we entered the forest yesterday, There wasn't anything here. We didn't meet a single Priest. I know how you feel, Chopper. See? Such strange people. Are you really that eager for an accident to happen? Huh? That's a strange striped tree roof It's moving What's moving, Chopper? Huh? Oh, nothing. If I say I saw a root move, They'll think i'm scared and laugh at me! I'm gonna be brave today! It must be my imagination! There's a rather strange presence here. Chopper, why do you keep looking behind you? It-lt's nothing! What that funny-looking striped tree root? Yeah! It's pretty weird, isn't it? Why's a tree root moving? Yeah! I actually noticed it before, and W-What!? Wind, good! Heading, good! This is certainly pleasant. Our cruise is progressing nicely. But it's a bit slow. Oi, Navigator! Step it up! It can't be helped, captain Usopp! Would you repeat that? It can't be helped! No, not that part! The Milky Road's undulation is so intense that the Dial ship is all we can rely on. Fight, Little Crow! Oh, and Sanji. You are now my official bodyguard! The Captain is scared of this forest. Shut up! In that case, you shouldn't be up there pretending to be the captain! Let me warn you, the only one I plan on protecting is Nami-san! Oh, right. it's time to give that weird knight his medicine. Where did Chopper say he'd leave it? My name is Gan fall. Gan Fall. Oh, It's on top of the barrel beside the refrigerator. Could you go get it, Nami-san? OK. Ossan. looks like you're feeling better. Yes, I am grateful for your help. Our doctor is the one you should be thanking. The stuff Chopper whips up works better than anything! Oh, but you tried to save Chopper too, right? Then, I guess we're even! Ossan? Let me tell you a little about the history of this land. O-Okay. Until six years ago, I was God. Did you hit your head, Ossan? I have heard that Upper Yard appreared in Skypiea just as you know, 400 years ago, in times long past. Skypiea had been a peaceful island in the sky. Artifacts from the Blue Sea occasionally brought here by the Knock-Up Stream were curious treasures to the inhabitants of the sky. Coincidentally, all of the Vearth on Sky Island arrived here in that same manner. But, a quantity of Vearth as large as Upper Yard apprearing in the sky semmed like an impossible miracle. The inhabitants of the sky naturally worshipped it as a holy land and rejoiced. But upon that Vearth were it's former inhabitants and a war erupted over its possession. Those people were the Shandians. You mean the guerillas? Yes. So, thay used to live on Jaya when it was on the ground? Precisely. They were shot into the sky against their will. And even so, your people drove them off of the island? Yes. The inhabitants of the sky stole the Shandians' homeland for their own selfish interests. And in the 400 years that have followed, The war between the Shandians and the inhabitants of the sky has never ceased. The Shandians are only trying to regain their homeland. That's so sad. SO IT WAS YOUR FAULT! Yes, you are correct. Oh, the medicine. Excuse me. I must take it. What about Enel? Who is God Enel? While I was still God, He appeared from another sky island, leading a group of soldiers. They inflicted severe damage on the Enforcers under my control and the Shandians. And then they seize control of Upper Yard. That was six years ago. Now, nearly all the Enforcers are being forced to do some sort of labor for Enel. I cannot be sure of what exactly it is. But, for the Shandians, whomever God may be, Their position remains the same. They only want to regain their homeland. If the Shandians only want to regain their homeland, Why did they attack us when we arrived in the sky? The Enforcers forced into labor sometimes obtain a ship and attempt to escape. Shandia, of course, regards them as enemies and tries to eliminate them before they can escape. They must have mistaken you for them. Hey, a mistake ain't something to try to kill someone over! Helping those refugees escape to another sky island was another reason I became the Knight of the Sky. There is no place on this island where criminals can escape Enel's eye. From the sound of things, Enel's like some sort of dark lord or something. Hey, hey, hey, you! The almighty God sees all! Since when are you one of the sky islanders? ALL! ALL! Since when are you one of the sky islanders? Since when are you one of the sky islanders? ALL! Since when are you one of the sky islanders? H-He heard what you said just now! Dark No, more like a bad nature. Enel makes those who come from outside this land out to be criminals. Until they arrive for the Judgement, the inhabitants of Skypiea are responsible for guiding them there. This gave birth to the citizens' sense of crime. When people realize that they are committing criminal actions, they become weak. Enel knows this well. It is like ruling the lives of little lambs. The very same way a real god would. A very distasteful man. When we landed at Angel Beach, This seemed like nothing short of a paradise. Who could have guessed? The ancient City of Gold has certainly found a horrible place to hide. Oh, yes. You seemed rather excited about that last night, but What is Gold? CYB3RFR34K-ISO Back again? Get out of here, old man! Enough, Wiper. Gan Fall is here to negociate. Negociate what? Move aside, Chief. You ald men are gonna find some sort of compromise, And then expect us to agree to it? Listen to me, Gan Fall! We will not yield even one step! If the war is meaningless, then give all of it back! Do you have any idea of what you've done to Shandia!? What is there to negotiate!? I cannot return it all. The power of the Vearth of Upper yard  is something that Skypiea cannot be without. The people are gratful for its blessings. I cannot take that away from those who have committed no sin. The sky islanders have committed no crime!? If they're sitting around, living their peaceful lives, That may be true. maybe we should start involving people besides you and your divine army! What utter foolishness If you want to erase your crimes, bear the risk! Take 100 innocent people who don't want to die, I cannot do that! Then these negotiations are over! If you don't want to lose your head! Wait, Wiper! Don't call my name without a reason! I am am very fond of the juice of pumpkins. I'll kill you! Wait, Wiper! Warriors, restrain Wiper! What are you doing!? Kamakiri! Braham! You mustn't Auntie, Aisa cries often, doesn't she? Yes, when something frightening happens in the village, She always starts crying. Because of Wiper. Hush, hush. Well, I don't know. It is true that whenever there's trouble, You're bond to find that boy there. Why do you think he's the reason? Because I'm scared of him too. He's like a demon. The Vearth! Wiper! I told you that was Aisa's most precious treasure! Stop. Braham. There will never be another chance! We will not waste this opportunity. Anyone not prepared to risk his life, stay here. I won't blame you. Oi, Wiper. Prepared? We've always been Are you prepared to leave behind anyone who falls on the battlefield? Only those who will step over their fallen comrades and continue on should follow me. Today, I will take Enel's head! Run, it's a python! Its sheer size Is this another result of Sky Island's environment? You some kind of catfish? I'm gonna gut you! How does something that big move so fast? VENOM! It's time for a tactical retreat. Indeed. SCARY! Don't let the venom touch you! It'll be instant death! Oi, Poison Python! I'm up here! Come and get me! Come and get me! Your food's getting away! Robin, watch out! FIVE FLOWERS Nice try! Robin, that was cool! Yosh, I've circled around to its tail Shit. Over here! Over here! Oh my. I'm back on the course, but no one's returned. Perhaps i'm lost. Should I go on ahead and wait for them? Oh no! Huh? Huh? Save me! Where is everyone!? Eh? Where'd they go? I take my eyes off them for one instant and this happens. Nevermind. They can take care of themselves. I've already memorized the map. I go right. Well, well Those guys they went and got lost. That sucks. I'll just head to the ruins and wait for them. I have to go directly south, And that's the direction that feels the warmest! This way! Shandia has begun their attack. And the Blue Sea dwellers have separeted again. An unexpected course of action. Are they operating individually? Today will be a splendid day. How many will survive? And thus, the survival game has officially begun. Our goal is God's Shrine! No matter what, don't get left behind! Our objective is to take Enel's head! Aye!