Pumpkin Pirates, with the boarding! Aye! It is the island with the treasure! The arrived first gained! Have-await! Await me! I want to come too! You cannot. Because You are an adult. Wait! Lapanui, Isoka, Longo, Akibi, Pukau! Do not leave me Not all alone! A dream You worry for your friends? You pronounced their names in your sleep. I wonder what it occurs. I spent these 50 last years to seek the Rainbow of the Fogs. After having seen Lapanui and my friends upright in front of me, I have the impression much to have aged and have wasted all these years. But it was not a waste of time, if? You found your former friends. You are right surely Does the boat move? It would not have, but The desire to return at home! The inescapable cemetery of pirate! Ahead! Full sails, right in front! Do He, Luffy, one go well straight, nan? Ouais, completely right in front! Where does one go to the Juste? Where? Apart from this fog, of course! Imbecile, stops saying anything. Once entered Ape' S Concert, you cannot leave his fatal water. Ooh! This front ship was not already seen? Do not make any you for that. There is like that a little everywhere. Not. It is exactly the same ship that we saw the first time that we dropped anchor. I remember to have seen this figure de proue representing a goddess. Ca wants to say How we returned to our starting point?! It is for that which I asked whether we went well straight. I supervised! One went straight! One cannot know if one goes right or not with this rotten fog! It could be Seis Fleur [Seis:six in Spanish] What passed to you by the head? I drew in front of, but it arrived by behind!? As I thought it. Space is deformed here. What does that want to say? I on top remember to have read something in the book. The interior of the Rainbow of the Fogs is a kind of labyrinth, therefore GOMU GOMU NO He, He, you are insane Warp Too much late There is no guarantee that does it each time What a idiotic! Ca is there, I included/understood. There is beautiful right outward journey in front of, one always ended up returning at the same point. It is the Mysterious Fog! Oh, Mysterious Fog, hein? Do you include/understand really the situation the guy? All that I know, it is that one cannot escape. It is not serious if one cannot leave. They is cool here! Nan they is not cool! One has that to join Lapanui and his friends. These kids? To escape from Ape' S Concert, It would be better to require of them. It is their field, not? But, where do they hide? Let us ask This boy over there. How T has it shows me Ca is not used for nothing to hide you like that. A Fleur [One:One in Spanish] Can you guide us To your chief? It is impossible! You say that Henzo became an old man and returned? It is what this joke? It is not a joke! All that we know, it is that it fell to water while trying to save us I would be always with you! Go ahead! Continue! Of made you not for me! Thus it continued its life in the outside world. Henzo said that he sought a means of leaving us from there, in the town of Ruluka. And 50 years passed. They is conneries. You do not think that this old man tries to swindle you? Why it would do that? I do not know. But, if Henzo says the truth, I wonder what resembles Ruluka now. Dad, Mom To worry you for them nothing good will bring to you. Once returned, you will see by yourself. You know a way to return? Of course. I am the Petty thief Chief of the Pirates of Whetton. Large Ian-sama! Say to us how to return in Ruluka! Ok, then gives me the key. If you let me leave from here, I would take the responsability to bring back for you on your premise. Longo, Akibi. Do not let it swindle you. Ian please just leave. It bluff when he says that he knows a means of going in the external world. What? It bluff? You are hard, Isoka-chan. I cannot forget at which point you were cruel towards us. Listen, band of amateurs! The life on the sea is filled of dangers! If you want to survive, You will have to follow the orders of the Petty thief Chief of the Pirates of Whetton, Ian-sama! OAU! This ship is full with pierres précieuses. Well, carries them to the districts of the captain. There was full with food too. Well, also carries to the districts of the captain. A King of the Seas! With the assistance! Will fight it! L-Longo! Lapanui! Wait! Take that! Stop making heads like that! Food has bad taste when I see you! You forgot that you succeeded in surviving Thanks to my presence on board this ship!? You should thank me, instead of me to throw black looks as you it done. It is what this brothel!? It has to feel food. Everyone, will run outside! He, wait! It is my ship! Protect my ship! This ship is it more important in your eyes than our lives!? We do not need a chief like you! Make shit, my ship It is better for us to be to us disencumbered about it. Our true voyage starts now! Ouais. We dropped to you because you think only of yourself and you satisfy to give us orders. I had not carried out that you hate me at this point. But, if I knew really a way to leave? Still saying this dirty lie We could find. You also worry for Ruluka, not? If we gather all the treasures left in Ape' S Concert, Then we will be able to enjoy comfortably the days which remain us to be lived. There does not need to remain planted there, to play the pirates in this sinister fog. Then, what do you say to turn over in the outside world? Our only chief is Lapanui. Nobody any more will follow himself from now on. Therefore, it is not yet today that I will leave, hein? It does not matter, takes your time and thinks there, Isoka-chan! What is there? A ship approaches! Prepare you all to fight! Reinforce defenses! As they do know where we are? It is Pukau! It is a iiiiimmense naviiiire! A failed navire de guerre. Ouais, but now it is used to us as hiding-place. Cowards! Release Pukau! About what you do speak? What? Return to us Pukau! Mr. Mayor, it is Tyrielshin! My good old man ship. But, grandfather, why the ship did return? Oh. I said to you to call me Mr. Mayor! It is true Look at over there. My ship entered this fog and disappeared 50 years ago. And now it is of return. Ca means that the door towards Ape' S Concert opened. Approximately, here is our only chance to obtain the treasures sealed in this fog, it is that!? It is that. He! How do you know that!? Because your grandson said it to me. Species of cretin! I said to you that these treasures were supposed to remain secret! Afflicted Grandfather I want to say, Mr. Mayor I know at which point it is difficult to have an idiot in his family. Ouais, ouais. Ouais, frankly He, I did not ask you to sympathize! It does not matter the reason, I cannot let to you leave now that you know the secrecy of Ape' S Concert. You hope to reduce to us to silence? Not, for you, there is a tax of 10 million Berrys to know the secrecy. Stop joking. Isn't He, it a little too expensive!? Could He, how it exist a tax like that? Therefore, you do not hope to pay the tax? Group of collection of the taxes! What do you wish, Maire Whetton? Oh, dad! Dad? Send these people to the Tower of the Rainbow and condemn them to the forced labors. It is what this brothel? It is the Tower of the Rainbow. You will work in this tower until your death, To complete infernal forced labors of the paddle until the twilight. You will die in one nothing time. Now, Philippe, takes them along. Look at, the Rainbow of the Fogs appeared, Père! It is our chance! One will be able to obtain the treasure of Ape' S Concert! It very revealed It is not at all a secrecy. Three generations of finished cretins. What a idiotic! But it does not matter, calls Henzo and sending to inquire it in the Rainbow of the Fogs! Well. Prepare Den Den Mushi, immediately! IEA! He, of the calm one! Keep silent yourself! You took Pukau as an hostage and forced it to reveal our hiding-place, it is well that? I think that you have any forgery. Lapanui, I am not an hostage. I brought them because they asked it to me. It is all. They forced you to say that. It is the truth! They are not bad people! Look at, it is not irritated even if I do that. It is a lie! It is a pretense cause a drop in me my guard! It is a misunderstanding. We want right knowledge how to leave Ape' S Concert. What will that bring to you? You envisage to take all the treasures of the ships failed with you, it is that? Believe me, Lapanui. It is the last thing which they would make. I do not believe the words of an adult. I know that they came for the treasure! Ca does not carry out us nowhere. He! Look at! The Special Meal of Usopp is been useful! To eat! Do Ah, you want the guy of it? It is of agreement? But the taste is not guaranteed! You speak too much, moron. They is delicious. You do aces really do all that? Ouais, nothing is impossible for me! He, Luffy, do not eat them all! Ouais, not as good as those of Sanji, but they are not bad. It seems that they want also to eat, not? He the guy! Go down! Test that. They is delicious! It is ok? Yahou! You do not let have for food! Did you lose the pride of Pumpkin Pirates!? Lapanui! The pride will not fill your stomach. Then you come from East Blue? Ouais. Does Ca want to say that you arrived here while crossing Reverse Mountain, nan!? What a courage! Ouais, we lived many adventures! Looked at duels of Giants, seen Kings of the Seas still never discovered. And saved a country of an criminal organization! Ouah, really!? Cool! We succeeded in crossing all these dangers, Thanks to my speed of reflection and with my courage! With respect, people call me Captain! What is there!? Postillonne not as that when I eat! Disgusting person! Lapanui, forgives me! I was so useless After having tried to save you Rainbow of the Fogs during 50 years, I tried to do it from the interior of the Fog, but now, My lack of attention trapped us here. My statute of professor among the pirates is a failure! But I must make you a ashamed request! If you know, please say to me. Say to me how to leave this fog! And let us return together At the house! It is possible no to leave. Even if I knew one of them, I would not say it. I still believe you, none you. And you known as being of the companions? What? It is not a problem if you do not believe us, but Ossan is your companion, not? In which can you have confidence if you do not even believe your own comrade!? I did not ask you for your opinion! How can you believe somebody who seems that suddenly And which says that it comes 50 years in the future!? Only believe it! It does not matter how long ran out, can imports at which point its appearance changed, Companions who were gathered under the same standard should be able to include themselves/understand! Even if the color of the flag tarnished, the friendship is eternal!! Oh, it is with me. Ok, I will answer. What? Hello! Hello? Why you took that with the hands to him!? Oh, Professor Henzo. Hein? Who are you? Hein? Who are you? Luffy? Where are you!? There are troubles here because you left to carry out a life of pashas on the boat without asking for the permission! Oh, Nami? Be to you speaking in Nami and the others? Nami? Wait If one can speak to him, that wants to say We are connected to the external world!? Philippe! Where is Philippe!? Hello, it is Philippe! Professor Henzo, where are you? We are in the Rainbow of the Fogs. What? The Rainbow  of the Fogs? It is impossible for us to leave. I am afflicted, but I would like that you came to help us. Will somebody come to leave us from there!? We can return in Ruluka, it is that!? Isn't Lapanui, it is brilliant? Time ago. I invented a device of help for such an occasion. Said to Whetton to bring it in the Fog! ah, and Qu-Que do you make!? This guy of which you speak, Whetton. It is the type which set fire to Ruluka, it is that? Wait! I did not want, but to treat with him was the only means of saving you All is clearly now. You are not Henzo which we know. A member of Pumpkin Pirates Would never become a toy of Whetton! Lapanui Do not pronounce any more this name Salt treacherous. Ah, hello? Hello!? I suspected it. They are in the Fog. What does one have to make? Why you requests? One will go in the Fog. Wait one second. I already said it to you, I will not let to you go in Ape' S Concert without my permission. If you continue to act thus He. Yes? Where is the device of help about which he spoke presently? Ah, it is there. Thank you. No the problem. It is a pleasure How can you give them that!? Thank you! Idiots! Stop them at once! Yes, Mister! And me which wanted to make a romantic escape. Go ahead, Nami! Ouais, one will deal with Luffy and others. And of the treasure too! Nami-san! What? IRC:/irc.fansub-irc.org/rival-spirits IRC:/irc.fansub-irc.org/zento IRC:/irc.fansub-irc.org/saiyajin IRC:/irc.fansub-irc.org/Kyubi-Wolf CYB3RFR34K-ISO