I had predicted that it there would have that 5 survivors. Then now, which will disappear? You will disappear. That of insolence. Fights in the Old Ruins! The Desire of Eneru God!! He, this house… The pretty girl who lives there exploit of the toothing-stone the beach. Yes, I know it. It is here that live Pagaya-san and his/her Conis-san daughter. They are very nice people. I ate on their premises some times. But it appears, that in fact, she is very malicious. And his/her father too. It is what one said to me too. It helped the malicious ones of blue Sea to escape. Impossible! It is the truth! These malicious people have clerk of the sacrileges towards God! It is my father who said it to me! Your father? Of agreement… Ah yes, your father… Yes, my father is in the army of God. He continues to serve God. Mom always says that it goes soon to return to the house, But I never saw his face… Ouais, but to serve God, your father must be brilliant! You believe? Of course! I hope that you will meet soon your father. Yes! Skypiea will be returned in the Blue Sea! All the country will disappear! I will achieve his last wills! I must… I must inform them! You want to make me disappear? It is rather funny. Problem! This guy poses problem to us! I see how you survived the play. But, you four… do not seem to have included/understood to which you address itself. You still did not include/understand it what represents the existence of God. A poor decrepit old man who aspire to the prosperity of Skypiea… A warrior who with the intention to recover its terre natale… And two robbers of the Blue Sea who run after a gold handle. This world is full with problems. You them lambs, you are free to wish all that you like. This country always was in the error. Instead of telling nonsenses, say to me rather where my Soldiers are! What do you wish so much? The Rise, Gan Fall. The Rise? Yes. If God rises, He turns over to his legitimate place. Turns over? Want you to say that you accounts to leave Skypiea? Yes, I have a place which awaits me. On the celestial island where I am born, God really exists. Where that? People call it Fairy Vearth. [Note:Fairy-like Vearth] Over there, one can admire there an infinite ground! Here is the World of Dreams to which I aspire! A country which is appropriate to me perfectly:Fairy Vearth! Upper Yard is only one vulgar piece of Vearth which does not deserve to be disputed. It does not even deserve that I am delayed there. Will know that the cause of your combat is much deeper than you think it. Reflect there. It is not a cloud, but it was born in the sky. It is not a bird, but he lives in the sky. Extending through the sky, this territory itself… hiding place an abnormal existence. Ground, people, And even God in person, have their own legitimate place. You want to say that… If be not astonished. As a God, laws of nature undergo my jurisdiction. So I must apply them. Yes, I will dispatch out of the sky any man, woman and child! Species of demon. You accounts to destroy this country? It is nature. You over-estimate yourself too much, Eneru! “God” is simply the title given the governor of this country! Yes, until now. God never saw in the world of the human ones! Former God, Gan Fall. You have concern for your Soldiers, I believe. Six years ago, overcome by my troops, 650 of your Soldiers passed under my orders. This morning even, they finished try that I had imposed to them… on this island. And as I said, only still debouts on this island, is us six. I had to do one rather unpleasant thing. You… It is not that I wanted of it. When I have to them announced my intentions… They became insane of rage and they attacked me! They have a whole a family on Angel Island! Indeed. I would have also soon to have their families. Species of monster! DEMON! The fault… The fault returns to us. The Shandia warriors… only attacked the island of God, Upper Yard… in order to recover ground of their ancestors. God, why make such remarks? Look at around. Look at the blessed existence of Skypiea. Our ancestors made this possible by taking this ground 400 years ago. It of our responsibility is to put an end to this war… and to protect them benefits of this country? You made your better in the control of the negotiations. It is not worthwhile to have still pity of these people who want nothing to hear! That it is our fault or theirs… Can be that the time of to recognize the defeat… is completed for a long time. We are attacked! We are attacked! It is an attack of Shandia? They are not Shandia. What do you say? It is made call Eneru God. Eneru God? Who would dare to be made pass for God in this lieu saint? What is it? You speak about your Soldiers? They were not too forts that you believed it. Who are you? But, I must recognize that them honesty towards God was admirable. Eneru? I suppose that you are God, Or should I rather say, former God. Species of monster! CYB3RFR34K-ISO SKYPIEA-FANSUB Eneru-sama. What hope you to make this former poor God? Balance it with the sea. He would not be good with nothing with the forced labor. It I like this sanctuary well, But I need a holy army. We will send them to the forced labor, And I will be their chief. They are my men. Silence! You are not any more God. VARI Odd knight! Old man! There is one God in this world. And it is Me. A Fruit of the Demon?! [Note:Goro Goro = thunder] Of all the capacities, this one is known to be invincible. Power of the lightning! The lightning? Not… No human can face that! And now, my period of prediction is past. There is henceforth… I congratulate you to have survived! Now, you will accompany me… in my voyage towards the World of the Dreams! Towards Fairy Vearth! You all will join me! What? I will make of him the Territory impenetrable of God! Only the elected officials here present will be able to live on this promised land! About what he does speak? Since my men did not hold during few hours of the play of Survival… their presence would not have made that to pollute this ground. And… And if we refuse? Robin! To refuse? Why? I decided it thus. If you remain here, you will sink in the abyssals zone with this country. Indeed, your capacities you allow it, But if you destroy it country without valid reason, The object that you sought will sink too. The Gold Bell? Yes. The Gold Bell? The Gold Bell. You do not have with you to make some! I already very planned for that. While reflecting, according to your displacements, there is one place where it can be. I think that it is with the place that you have deduce. You did not expect it. Believed you to be able me to double with this sweet talk? You miss perspicacity. Robin! I hate the women manipulators. Not… It is a woman! I confirm. You are talented. Be to you nut?! Burn Bazooka [Note:god of the wind (Scandinavian mythology)] Im… Impossible! It extinguished the fire of the bazooka! Thus you still did not include/understand! All the power which you can to join together is negligible for me. If it has creates a clap of thunder, it had to heat the air for to explode at the speed of sound. Is it so powerful? The difference of power is too large! It is really the lightning. Let us go, go. We were on the point of to leave together towards Fairy Vearth. Pas la pains to become if violent. And which believe you to be able to take along over there? I have anything with foutre of it of your World of the Dreams! Zoro! Not, Zoro! It is too powerful! It would seem that only tone body can render comprehensible you… significance of God. Pas la pains to discuss you, you cannot anything vis-a-vis my insurmountable capacity! You now will include/understand… despair. See each piece hope to fly in glare… it is like dying! Zoro! Nothing makes any more fear with human that death! This is why they stick their face on the ground to beseech the kindness of God. They are impotent. It is in the nature of any creature alive of prosterner in front of the fear. Pitiful. It is your instinct. Who is this guy? He is really strong. What do you make? Es you come to make you kill? What? You already intended to speak of Kairouseki, Eneru? Kairouseki? The stone which inhibits the capacities of those having eaten a Fruit of the Demon. I see. My capacity is aspired. Kairouseki… The stone which emits an energy similar to that of the sea. It is the solidified sea water shape. Therefore it weakens those having eaten a Fruit of the Demon! Now, join death! Stop. I know. You have Reject. Considering your state, you will die too. What do you still wish? You Vearth, isn't this wanted? Close it. Death is all that I wish… if I can carry you with me! With… Stops! Reject You heard? It has… overcome?