The going Merry landed in full heart fortress marinades Navarone Luffy and its crew hopelessly try to flee this place. Nami was disguised in femme de ménage. Luffy and Sanji were made pass for cooks in a refectory. But at the same time, Zoro was made stop. Welcome with Navarone. The URGENT OPERATION ZORO AND CHOPPER! Humm. L remains about it still six. Roronoa Zoro of the crew of the Straw hat. Drake, did you question it? But Commander, you had asked me meanwhile to check the refectory. Hum, really? You wanted to know who had joined the refectory, yesterday evening. Hum I will throw a glance myself. Jessica spoke to me about two new recruits in kitchen. On which subject do have I to question Zoro? Made as you want. Whore! It is what all this world? Bah I would make better rest me. Open the door. Yes, Major Drake! But this type is dangerous. It is an order of the Jonason general. Now let question Roronoa Zoro to me! Yes, made attention. Roronoa Zoro. You were regarded as a hunter of pirates Now you belong to the crew of the Straw hat. What? Only came to you to say that to me? Of or do you come? How much are you? Which are your intentions in penetrating the fortress? It is a good strategy to have unloaded in our fortress of the sky. How did you make? Which kind of process did you use? Ah, that, eh well one comes from the sky! Decree to say conneries! They are not conneries. One really came from the sky. I am not here to listen to your lies! I explain you one came from the sky by using an octopus montgolfier And one flew up to now. You measuring rods? You persist in saying anything! Do not take the Navy not with the light one! I will make you acknowledge costs whom costs! Now you are in load of this place. Yes, I included/understood. What, it is that All that for me only? If you clean all that completely, you will be entitled to the breakfast. I should never have disguised me kind. I intended to say that they put the hook on one member of the crew of Straw hat. What? Those of the famous ghost ship? Ouais, but one deals with worse than phantom It is not other than the démoniaque one hunter of pirates, Roronoa Zoro! L must also there have his/her companions here. That would be although one discovers one as of theirs! O-Oh! Zoro got caught. What does one have to make? According to what they said, others must be healthy and safe. Shit, one must escape from here as quickly as possible! I do not know or are the different ones, and I do not know how to find them! It is what that? At this rate/rhythm, I will fall from tiredness before even as they catch me. Decree!!! With the help!!! Decree!!! That was not for me. But I would make well disguise me as someone else. Here. No the chance I am wedged! Chive is by there! Yosh! It left for hunting to chive! But this hunting is prohibited! How to make? How to make? It disappeared. It was well a chive. It is not any more. By here. That is likely to be difficult to find it now. Go. It is what that? Who could well put these horns, there?! Will know In any event, there is nothing to draw some from these horns. Fact of shitting! One failed to have it. I am saved Good Or are they? Surely by there. Ah, that must be that. What they intend to make with these horns of stag? They use them for medicine. What did it occur? A storm was wiped and there were many casualties. You dispatch! Take them along to the infirmary! At this time, insert the scalpel vertically. After the flow of blood Blood Blood Blood Blood Blood Blood Good blood, why all doctors on mission are parties? My God, please, made in kind that there is no casualty to look after. Doctor! Yes. The horns of stag were brought back to you. What, for the moment place them here, thank you. Included/understood. Or am I? That suits me to wonder. Now I do not have anything any more to fear. Afflicted! What do you tell? Hurry of going to the infirmary! It is an urgency! All them nurses are convened! Definitely, that did not serve anything that I disguise myself! Doctor Kobato! There is an urgency! It is for médecine générale, pediatry or That concerns the men of Stanberry. The majority of them are wounded. Chi-surgery I let to you occupy myself some The surgery is not my field. What do you tell? For the moment on the base, you summers only the doctor! Wait a little! I know nothing in surgery there! I am specialized in pediatry. I see, it acts of the infirmary. This doctor will he succeed in leaving itself there? CYB3RFR34K-ISO One, One, two, One, two, three. That was to be very violent. That was to surely be a tropical cyclone. Hold, hurries to go to look after the casualties! Yes! I still type myself the dirty job, I must to find Going Merry as fast as possible to flee this place, but I am always wedged here D-sorry Pay attention! Doctor, whom do we have to make? Euh yes, yes Inject to them fifty milligrams of anodyne. And in connection with the bloc opératoire? Aperture Aperture Opera Aperture Opera Operation. Doctor! Doctor! Doctor, hold good! Do not fall into apples! Please, give us the instructions to be followed! Oh Doctor! I must do it. You all, want to follow my instructions! To inject first of all the acid forint and cardiotonic with the patient! One will need also Aldehyde-2! You included/understood?! Yes! Prepare blood testings and also synodicaux serums! So patients need one operation, prepare them for! This patient needs a reduction of its ignition! Yes! Summers you ready? Your order is awaited! Well, one will start with the most serious casualties! Yes! Hold good, Doctor. Chopper! Are Nami, why to you? And you then?! How are held the events? I had small a faintness at the moment. You must be a doctor? Although I do not know whom you summers I would like to thank you to have to us provided invaluable indications. It is not finished yet! L still has soldiers there very seriously touched which needs an operation! Yes! There are not time to lose! Operate most seriously wounded immediately! Yes! Opér What is there? J I cannot do that. Why? I do not support nor the pain others nor sight of blood. I feel very badly when I make injections And by opening their body then by withdrawing their bowels This kind of medicine is exceeded! This is not a base of the Navy here?! How you made to look after people before? I am specialized in pediatry. All the other doctors are on mission. And they left me here as person in charge of the infirmary. Person in charge? It does not matter the fact of being responsible or not! You are the leader of the infirmary! Yes, to some extent. Chopper, one must leave from here as fast as possible. But One must leave! It is not a lake, it is connected to the sea. One can leave from here with Merry. One cannot now! You are doctor! It is quite true but a doctor cannot do everything. My professor had taught me that, Once, a man did not can find of doctor and did not can thus acquire remedy for its disease. Then it decided to join the place where he wanted to die But while crossing a mountain, he found cherry trees in flowers! Then this man consulted another doctor, who says to him you summers in good health. For all the patients present here, you summers the single doctor. You summers the only one with being able to save them! You cannot give up. It is not a terminal illness in question. It is not a thing impossible to surmount. There is no patient here whom one cannot cure! The doctors make miracles! And one must believe in it! Euh Could I see these cherry trees in flowers? Not! Can I show with the patient these cherry trees in flowers? You can it! And I will help you there! Have-await! There are not time for that! It does not matter. For me, a life is more important than all! Because I am doctor! Since it is like that, I any more will not worry for you. Does that suit you? Doctor, the bloc opératoire is ready! Very well, I arrive immediately! Tankard Doctor I included/understood! Chopper! You should not any more worry you for me, if I gave up it now, Doctorine would be very furious! Good blood, how could I give up you?! There is this kind of doctor? Beginning of the operation. It has a fragment in the body. One must operate it. The patient was anaesthetized. Scalpel. Yes, Doctor. Doctor Kobato, all will be well. He will be able to see the cherry trees in flowers, thanks to you. Yes. Here one is very close to one to its arteries, made attention. Yes. Nami, pompe aspirante. Yes. The fragment is withdrawn. Super. It is not the moment for the congratulations. One has still full with patients. Yes. Good courage. Yes. What? You never saw these doctors! Yes! It must surely be a question members of the crew of the Straw hat. Excuse me! We operate, want to leave. It is urgent! Doctor Kobato. I would like to speak to you about something. Doctor Kobato, the blood pressure of the patient falls! Prepare a perfusion for the patient! Yes! They is good, continue the transfusion like that. Prepare also the serum. Humm, Doctor Kobato. I have a delicate operation, in this moment-even. You calm. I would like to know, Doctor. Usually you summers frightened with the sight of blood isn't this Doctor? One seeks funny of doctor. You disturb me! Here there is only doctors and nurses, who make better qu they can to save lives! Let us leave from here! Remain here. Yes! It is finally finished. Doctor, this patient was the last. Congratulations, Doctor Kobato. Cho Chopper! Doctor Kobato is very gifted. That pleases to me. Mr. Chive is, him also, a very good doctor. What do you tell? I am not a chive, I am a reindeer. She had uncovered it since the beginning, even under its disguise! Am whore, what I manufacturing here? I do not even know if Nami-san and Robin-chan are well. Ah, but I can nothing refuse in Jessica-san. Ouais, one is bored firm. What you factories you? I am amusing me with. Y has that to make here. Come-there to help me to cut that or considered with a means of escaping from here! One should not forget that! Why one must escape from here? All that it is because of your conneries. Say, Sanji. What? You want to cook octopus. Stop saying anything. Then? You finished? One will not be able to nourish thousand soldiers if you do not hurry. Oi, Jessica-swan! One is about to finish! Ouais, it is true! Let us eat, one is tired! BUT You ACE NOTHING FOUTU! Hold, here the 300 last Please, cut these onions. What? But they are ogres, these standards! Ouais, I am the slave of Jessica-san! I included/understood! It is of your fault, Sanji are to you the person in charge! Aahh Whore, it hurt me this idiot. But to do the fact how go the others? Oi Usopp! What arrived at our boat? Do Robin, what you make? And then what it fout, our captain? Good, I believe that I will pass to the attack Soon in One Part! Let announce to me! Soon in One Part Naval operation! The captured second nobody! I will become the largest epeist of the world. NAVAL OPERATION! THE CAPTURED SECOND NOBODY!