Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Have you finally found the place you belong to? There's definitely nothing as absurd as being born into this world to be alone! You're right, Saul. Oi! Robin! I wonder if I should try too. Do it! Do it! Robin! Please stop, Robin-chwan! There's no one in town! Everyone must be there already! Although it's something to be happy about, we had our duties! Everyone in town must be there but I can't take it Don't give up! We're here for Paulie-san's sake! What'll you do? For Paulie-san, so that was it Isn't it obvious? We're here to celebrate The Strawhats and the Galley-La's big ceremony! Why don't you think about it? With that little girl, right? That's right! The wedding place! It's true, they shouldn't be separated. However, we're the only ones who witnessed those two's lost progress. Am I wrong? It is not wrong! We can't afford to let our task be unstated! Seriously?! Seriously! I'll do my best! Do your best! My friend, let's head for greatness! The Sogeking's 9,985th song! It's a song for relaxing any man Let's keep going! S-sogeki no shima de On the Island of Snipers, Umareta ore wa I was born. Everyone, what are you waiting for? Join us! Shanks Moves! Ceremony for the Rampaging Age. Gorousei! Gorousei: 5 Elder Stars. Gorousei, something terrible has happened! What is it? At the New World, the fleet we sent a few days ago was defeated. Yonkou "Red-Hair" Shanks and Yonkou "Whitebeard" Edward Newgate, Finally have made direct contact! What? Shanks? Old man! Old man! Red-Hair wants to have a meeting with you. Yeah, let him do it. I hope you have brought some good sake, brat. Is it true the whole fleet was defeated? Yeah, it is said. Are "Red-Hair" and "Whitebeard" in contact? Attention! Listen! I don't know what will happen from here on. Stay on strict guard and wait for orders! Cease the course! Rise the sails! We're receiving Red-Hair. Here comes, Red-Hair. The weak ones, stay back. You can't handle that person. What'd you mean by "you can't handle that person"? It doesn't matter, just go inside. What's wrong? What's happening? It's already too late. Don't panic, they just lost consciousness. If you're half prepared, you won't be able to hold your senses before that man. As usual He has an impressive spirit. Excuse me. I had to be a little threat since it's an enemy ship. Just seeing your face makes the wound given by that bastard ache again. I've brought some healing water, I've got no intention to fight. There's something I want to talk with you about. Is that all that the man who came here to show his spirit says? You idiot. Oi! Red-Hair! Bastard, look what you did! Oh! You're the first division commander, Marco, right? Won't you join my crew? Shut up! Old man, should we? Yeah, it appears this isn't war. Leave us alone. West Blue sake, this isn't good enough. From all of the seas I've been in, there's no sake that surpasses this water's skin healing properties. It's sake from my hometown. Please, drink it. Not bad Roger, Sengoku Only a few of those who knew the seas back then remain. It's been 22 years, it's obvious. You also became quite good You were just an apprentice on Gol D. Roger ship. You were pretty good on Roger's ship, With that weird faced partner of yours. Here we come, Whitebeard! I hope you're prepared! I'll rip off that beard of yours! Who're you calling red nose?! He was always with you. Is that funny red nose dead? Buggy? It's kinda nostalgic The day of the Captain's execution, we went our separate ways in Loguetown. Come with me Buggy! Like I'm gonna be your subordinate, idiot! I heard rumors that he's still a pirate. It was just a while ago for me. There are just a few of the ones who became legends. The daily duels of you and Hawkeyes still sound new to my ear. When a man such as you comes back from East Blue without an arm, anyone would be surprised. To what kind of enemy did you give it? That left arm. This I wouldn't have taken you with me anyway. Like you can become a pirate. I will! Someday I will find nakama who won't lose to this crew. I'll find the greatest treasure in the world. And I'll definitely become The Pirate King! I made a bet on the New Age. If you don't have regrets, then it's fine. Whitebeard. I've been through numerous battles, and received many wounds, but Right now, the one that aches It's this wound. This one isn't one I got from an adventure, nor received from Hawkeyes. The one who gave me this, was one of yours Blackbeard, Teach! It's not like I was being careless. Do you know what I mean? Whitebeard. He was quietly waiting for a chance. He didn't take the title of commander to be renowned. But to conceal himself. Up until now he remained hidden under the shadow of the name "Whitebeard". And in order to gain power, he made his move. In the end, he aims to get to the top, With his own will. He might even come to steal your title. What do you want me to do? That's the main question. Please stop Ace! Even though he's young, your 2nd division crew commander is a man of trust. Ace is strong, I know that. But, that fame and trust can twist things. This isn't the time for those two to fight yet! Leave your hands off "Blackbeard" Teach. That's my only request. The old man is laughing. That's like the way of talking of that funny nose. His crime is something that should never be done on a pirate ship, the murder of a nakama. He broke the iron rule. Since the time he got on my ship, no matter how stupid he was, he became my son. Where does the soul of a murdered son go to? I have to show that man that without morals you can't cross the world! It's my responsibility to show Teach his foolishness! Do you understand, moron? You're 100 years too soon to instruct me! No one could have stopped this The rampaging point of this age! Not enough to scare me! I am Whitebeard! That Red-Hair bastard! What's he doing to the old man?! Wait, wait. He isn't the type of man that does stupid things. But, it seems something went wrong in the conversation. Look at the sky. The clouds No, the sky has been divided! Geez, I'll take care of it. Oi! Look! It's today's newspaper! It shows the events at Enies Lobby. I-It finally came! Oi! What's written on it? It's an article that could decide our fates! Well that T-That About us There's nothing recorded. Ah! As I thought! We'll have to leave this place! Eh?! Nothing recorded? R-really?! Not at all? There's no mistake! And we were preparing for a permanent fugitive life! Thank God! What does this mean? After all the trouble the Franky Family caused. Could it be that your grandpa didn't want to involve ordinary people and didn't report them? No such a thing I think not. It is surely Aokiji's doing He's an unpredictable man. No matter what, I'm glad. It's fine for us, but for them to become fugitives would be quite unfortunate. And in their place, it says some awful things about what we did. "Declaration of War on the World Government". They even blame us for burning the island. With this our bounties will raise. W-will I also get a bounty on my head?! Well, that's very probable, but The most terrible will be me. "A Big Star Appears". What're you getting excited for?! Are you idiots?! Aniki, isn't that Iceburg? Isn't it? Now you're doing it, Franky. You, why'd you come? Well, what about it? Can't I give you a hand? Bastard, did you come to interfere with my plan? You've been doing nothing but dismantling; aren't your skills dulled? Show me your blueprints. All of Tom's Workers are present Even if we have to build a ship in this empty place. This is for the Strawhats! Should we give you a hand?! Taking care of such a rushed job alone has gotta be rough. Is it okay that you do it here instead of in town? If we're building a replacement for that burnt ship, All of the employees had to come and lend a hand, no matter what. You! Every single one of you! Such good guys they are. They are. You better not slack off! Yosh! We'll show them what the 1st Dock is capable of! Franky is building us a ship?! Oh yeah, you were asleep, right? Great, I'm glad! How about that? He's a good guy after all! He was a nice guy, a nice guy~ What kind of ship will it be? I'm looking forward to it! Then let's use the rest of the money to buy supplies. Hey, do you think the ship will be huge? Well since we got here I was wishing for more wide areas. Well, whatever it is, I'm glad. I'm really looking forward to it. What an strange dance. Is that a dance? Where is the 100 million beri that was here? It was spent during the party, buying meat and sake. Our money?! Wasn't it for our party? Almost nothing remains! Of course! Almost everyone in town stayed at that party to the very end. It sure was fun! Well, since we'll get our ship, it doesn't matter anymore. And I thought of getting some wonderful furniture for the ship Let's go to the canal to look for some. Oi, Robin, since I'm out to play, can you lend me some money? I can't take it anymore! You'll get nothing! Understood! Ah! Mizu-mizu candy, why're you this delicious? It's the best, bastard! I once read that it was a good medicine, so I had to buy one! S-strawhat! Please, help me with my pet! Next Time on One Piece: The Girl Searching for the Yagara! Great Investigation in the Water Metropolis. I'm gonna be the Pirate King!