Luffy accepted a new part of Davy Back Fight against L crew of Foxy. When there remained nothing any more but Luffy, it was made attack of all shares. Luffy with the straw hat… expelled! Shit! And the winner of the “Hit and Deadball” is… The crew of Foxy!! FINAL MATCH! DARUMA-SAN GA KORONDA! It is thus the crew of Foxy which the first test gained! It is not really a surprise, hein? The team of the straw hat will lose one as of his! It is in Oyabin to decide. Of course, I will choose… Please, brings back for us Choppy, Oyabin! You! The historian Nico Robin! Me? Our captain decided to take Nico Robin! A wise decision. Iyan Oyabin, why not have taken Choppy? It is too dangerous, like adversary. If we take it in the crew, the victory will be simpler. But… With the next victory, you can be sure how Dr. Chopper will be ours! I see! You are formidable Oyabin! Robin! Robin-chan! Robin! Robin-chan! With more. I include/understand with which point that must to tear to leave us… and to be separate of me! I know well that it is the rule… but to see Robin-chan to join this crew, it is unbearable! Robin!! Does that suit me well? Superb! Superb! It is splendid, my pretty brown. I always wanted you in our crew. Iyan… it is very popular… It would be said that Robin was well integrated… I never trusted him in any event… But what takes to you? Robin has faith in us! It is obvious. Nami-san is right entirely. With the next test, I will overcome them and will save Robin-chan of their claws. Dispatch we to gain! Luffy, like you participles with the third test, you cannot take part in this one. At least try to retain the rules… I see. I will encourage you then. But tries to include/understand, one is only five. The team of the straw hat, not only you are nothing any more but five to play, but moreover, the loss of Robin weakens you! You deserved it well! Good, allons-y. The second test will take place on this long reef, it will be Dodge, Touch & Daruma-san, also called “DTD”! That is played six normally but… like they miss Nico Robin, only five members of the crew of the straw hat will take part. The rules are simple… When the meter finishes saying “Daruma-san ga koronda” those which he will see moving will be eliminated! The first player who will succeed in touching the meter will save its team. But attention, one is not any more with the recreation! It is a set of pirates, you risk to have serious difficultieies! The weapons, the guns, all is authorized. The DTD is a play between the life and death! Here the “not very impressive” team of the straw hat. Card-index to us peace! The team of Foxy is composed of our idol Porch-chan, of Hamburger… I will be able to give the hand on Choppy! As well as Chiqicheetah the sprinter, and of Kabouti the man-fish… Straight come from Groggy Boxing ring… Pickles Tackle and the giant man-fish Big Bang! They will pay to have dared to humiliate us! They are six and train the very powerful team of Foxy! What bait which it makes ichi the fieux one with the échaches? I forgot to present the meter to you… It will be this time about indigenous… Tonjit! This idiot lived during ten years on stilts so high that it any more was not seen! Tonjit is the perfect candidate to become meter. Altitude gives me the giddiness. Await, if it is Ossan the meter, this DTD could turn to our advantage! Which name of weak play… But Usopp tells truth, we are favoured. You are sure you, Oyabin? My men fought on all the seas sphere, it is not that which will stop them! But what a man! What you ace said, large bacon? There is not the side of the most difficult reef, by chance?! Was necessary to expect it with this beam for conneries… Empaillé fox… Head of puzzle… Beam with conneries? Empaillé fox?! Head of puzzle?!! Oyabin! You are rather sensitive, Oyabin? Before starting, in accordance with the rule DTD, each team must advance of a step. One advances of a step! Oh, the team of Foxy took a step of giant! These… It is enough to follow the plan… Fight! I imagine that you suspect it, one should not especially too precipitate. With these cliffs, one would be likely to fall. And the enemy will not fail to attack us. Head of puzzle! I will not allow myself to disturb the play! Head of… Even without my assistance, they will gain without problem! Meter, are you ready? Hmmm… It left! Go! After the victory of the crew of Foxy in the first test, it is the hour of Dodge, Touch & Daruma-san! LOANS! LEAVE!! Daaaaa… Go, Hamburger! Chiqicheetah leaps ahead! In second position, Hamburger slips by to any pace! At the head of the team of the straw hat, one finds Roronoa and Sanji. You embarrassments the passage! Similar for you! It is really not the moment to fight! Stop that, Sanji-kun! Zoro! It is true! Sanji-kun! Zoro! They are fantastic! aaaaaaaaaaaa… Aaaaaaaaa… I do not manage to accept that the old man stilts can retain its breathing so a long time! This role suits him to charm. Ruma-san, gaaaaaaaa…. Imbecile to coil with two pennies! Species of dirty mug of alga! Is necessary to be wary of these deux-là. The instructions, remove we follow from them initially. In you, Big Bang! They are in danger! The old one almost finished! These types do not have of it anything with foutre old man! Kooooooo… rooooooo nnnnnn… da! Stop! If one moves, one is eliminated! Eliminated! Pickles and Big Bang of the team of Foxy, are eliminated very early in the play! Played well, Zoro and Sanji! No the problem, not of problem! Only one of our players will be enough amply to touch the meter. Chiqicheetah, Porch and Hamburger largely carry out. Will the team of the straw hat be able to gain? Iyan, it will be an easy victory! They are too much fast! Zoro and Sanji are our only hopes, but… Species of dirty marimo! Perverse cook! He is of my duty to save my invaluable Robin-chan. I do not have time to lose with you. Daaaaaaa… I do not have time to lose with you. Daaaaaaa… Wait, salts swashbuckler from my two! Daaaaaaa… Even with two players in less, the team of Foxy always has a gigantic advance! This rate/rhythm, the team of the straw hat soon any more no chance will have! Go! Go! Continue like that, continue like that! CYB3RFR34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM aaaaaaaaa… Shit! Because of you, one took delay, foutu Marimo! Why there more road has?! But how it is possible to have a similar direction of the orientation!? How you can paumer then what the road is right in front of you!? If I pass by these rocks, I will be able to catch up with them. That passes or that breaks… Sanji takes a short cut above the rocks. Sanji won its bet! It is found just behind the trinity! Iyan… It is unjust, more quickly, Hamburger! Qu- what? The less there will be adversaries, and the better it will be. I will send all the three in hell to you! The Help!! Nami, Usopp! There are not the choice… Beat a retreat! With your orders! You will not be able to escape to me! Naaaaaaan! Stop! Naaaaaaan! The daaaaaa of the old man to the stilts is even longer than the last time. It… He sleeps! Awake! Upright, awakes! Stop sleeping! Daruma-san ga koronda! Stop sleeping! Daruma-san ga koronda! Oh not! Eliminated! Let us forget these minor problems of sleep, Kabouti has just been eliminated! How it can fall asleep in similar moments? It is completely the kind of our Ossan good old man! Well! I can still catch up with them! I thought that would be simpler that, I start to worry me. Four men of head… are with 100 meters hardly meter. Will the test be played now? Only these quatre-là is in measurement of touching the meter! I count on you, Sanji!! Nobody pays attention to us… Yes, they ignore us completely. I feel completely useless… But, at least one is not only in this case. Still a dead end… It is cold… highly that finish that I can be heated. You draw aside! Hamburger, descend it! I will reduce to you out of pulp! You want to fight, salts gorilla? This time… Hamburger attacks Sanji! During this time, Chiqicheetah moves towards the meter! Porch-chan succeeded in putting Sanji at the variation! What? With me victory! Shit! Chiqicheetah has just leaped on the plate! Atchouuum!! Eliminated! Oh! What a sneeze! Tonjit had not started to say “Daruma-san ga koronda”! Were the effort of the pirate vain? Chiqicheetah was eliminated because of a premature departure! Shit! The meter, is not necessary to sneeze! One was there almost… The net of snot of the old man to the stilts is super length! I owe him one of them… A sneeze… There is no what to laugh at it, Hamburger. One must gain Choppy costs which costs! The two teams are very close to the meter! The exit of the play will surely decide with the next turn! The meter it will be touched… By the duet Porch-chan and Hamburger? Or by Sanji? Which it will be? Open the eye well! Daaaaaaaa… Daruma-san ga koronda has just started, there will be no false start! Excuse me! What you make, Hamburger! Ru-my-san… It is for the good of Robin! Oh! Sanji! What!? Where is Porch-chan? Calm yourself, Porch-chan! In concerning, I could take again Robin. It will surely fall into my arms! Sanji! Hurry to touch it! Ossan, thank you for your co-operation. What?! It would be said that Sanji made half-turn. What occurs? Even if it is about a competitor, I cannot to be unaware of the call of a lady in distress! Incredible! The Sanji cook comes to help Porch-chan! Da! Hamburger hopelessly tries not to fall. Although it saved Porch-chan, Sanji will undoubtedly be eliminated! Oh! not! Sanji and Porch-chan do not risk anything! Even if Sanji is in water, it is perfectly motionless. It does not move at all, it is not eliminated! Impossible! How can there remain motionless in water? He swims on the spot. It manages to hold Porch-chan without moving the upper part of her body! It with the grace of a swan! Under water its legs swim with insane pace, but from here one can see only this calm face. As long as it does not move in front the meter, it does not risk anything. Sanji is well decided to gain… No matter what it arrives, I must save Robin-chan. Sanji is likely still to gain. It is too strong this type. You are incredible, Cock-san. Sanji, be to you really a good sort. Iyan, I could fall in love with you, Cock-san… Ooooh! Porch-chan and Sanji sank! You are both eliminated! He, stroke correctly or one will run! Provided that Robin-chan did not see us. Daaaaa ruuuuu… It has just taken again its Daruma-san ga koronda! It does not remain any more but… Hamburger of the team of Foxy and… The meter is right in front! Nobody can any more stop us! I am not able to believe it! One will touch the meter! maaaaa saaaaaa nnnnn… Let us touch it all together! Ouais!! Goods with nothing the team of the straw hat how we had forgotten are about to succeed! That for a surprise! One did not expect such an end… Just when I find the good way… I will make like the other cook… Take that! gaaaa kooooo rooooo…. Brilliant! The team of the straw hat will gain! Yosh! Victoire! nnnnnnn da! It is Hamburger which touched the meter! And the winner of this Dodge, Touch & Daruma-san is… The team of Foxy!! It is our second crushing victory, in this return match! What? It is already finished? It is finished because of you! With the worst possible result! All is of your fault, Zoro! Brilliant, it is finally in my turn! As a captain I will recover my companions! You forget something of important, straw hat. As you lost second once, you go to lose another team-member in addition to Nico Robin. But, you can gain only one team-member per test. Even if by chance you gained the next test… What you baragouines, head of puzzle? He says that even if you gain the next test, you will be able to recover one team-member. Therefore, no matter what you make, straw hat… You will have lost one of your comrades!