Do what you want of Merry. We will get a new boat and will continue our voyage. Goodbye, Usopp. One spent good moments together. Make your decision. On which can one count if you hesitate? Let us leave this boat We will not return any more on this ship. Remu-household in the city of water! Iceberg-san taken for target! Who discovered the body? Let ask us some questions! Are there suspects? Would there be a bond with the destruction of Franky House? A comment? Give us information, please! Are Oi, to you with the current of the events on the building site? Then he really died? It is inevitably a blow of Franky! If one had not left it in freedom, that would not have arrived. It is completely possible that they are the pirates who visited the building site. Some say to have heard an explosion on the coast. Would there be a bond? What it appears, the engineers had many relations with the pirates. Then you were there. Thus a room was rented but nobody makes use of it. It is probably that nobody is sleepy. Where is Luffy? Over there. Sanji, where were you? I excavated the rock coasts all the night. I hoped to find Robin-chan there. I wonder where it left without us to prevent. It arrived to us only of the troubles since our arrival on this island. The money disappears Then all these events with Usopp. With all its wounds It must be feverish and does not have to be able any more to move! Chopper I do not want to intend some any more to speak. I will make a turn downtown today. Will Robin be found? Who knows? I do not dare even any more to hope But it is certain that it is in this city. In the event of problem, we will use this inn as point of appointment. I will seek me too! Of agreement Yosh. Luffy! Nami-san! It is horrible! Everyone speaks downtown about it! Luffy, this night, Iceberg-san with the building site Was iceberg-san reduced at his place? Oi, stops your conneries! He died?! Not, oi! He was not however haï of anybody! Wait a little! Calm yourself, Paulee! Listen to me! Good It was discovered this morning Lengthened at his place, in enough of blood. It is still unconscious but Come to the office immediately! Is excentric, where Paulee? I have just called it. It arrives. Of agreement. Outside, the journalists try to return and foutent the brothel. But let us not know we more than them. Inside, it is a true battle field. But neither money, nor objects were stolen If it is not a burglar, then who did that with Iceberg-san and why? It is a catastrophe. The city is in panic. If its state does not improve It is the end of Galley it Company and Toilets 7. Doctor How is that presented? Two blows per front and three by behind. I do not know what it occurred in this room, but it is horrible. According to the report/ratio The locks of this building were not forced. Such a scenario did not take place absolutely to be in this room. The only evidence of the scene of the crime Is a mask, findable in any store. Ice-ossan? They said that it was still unconscious. Why him? Everyone likes it here Who is this, Nami-san? It is the man who accommodated us yesterday. The chief of the building site and the mayor of Toilets 7. It is a very important person. Yes. It is the worst thing than it could arrive at this city. I leave to make a turn. Wait, Luffy! I come with you! Then let us leave to research Robin-san. And you? Not. I wait to see what it will occur. Breaking news! Breaking news! The mayor Iceberg-san, the hero of Toilets 7 Assassinated by a demon! The last scoops! How is Iceberg-san? It is horrible. Why him? Who could well do that? Who is this criminal? There is no information. Oi, Mr. journalist, this news do not have anything of comforting! What does it occur? It is surely still a blow of the pirates! If one could catch them good once for all! Yesterday, of the pirates have foutu the brothel with the Dock n°1. The Mikazuki gang? Ca can appear stupid, but in my opinion, it is the government which made the blow Excentric, whom do you say? It is Kogi. With each conversation with Iceberg-san, it was made throw. The culprit is Franky, of course! I do not know which was the subject of these conversations But to make a similar thing Stop overpowering the government. If somebody heard you, that would make scandal. Were the richness and the capacity the cause of this crime? Who is this criminal, left without leaving traces?! Anyone?! I will never forgive him! Thank you to have chosen our company. We arrive soon at Water 7, the Blue Station. CYB3RFR34K-ISO Paulee-san! Paulee-san, a comment on the accident?! Why did one ask you to come? Close it. Release. Which explanations has provides the company to you? Some words, please? You do not include/understand? I said, Dégagez! According to you, for which reasons did one want to kill Iceberg? Don't you remember anything? A dispute with pirates? Paulee-san, nothing aut I SAID AI, RELEASE! BANDAGE CRETINS! Luffy, by there! Yosh, more quickly, Yagara! How are you, Yagara-chan? Then please. It is in connection with Iceberg-san. Then it is true, it was made attack. Yes. We will not re-examine it any more with the shipyard. Let us go to Ossan. He lives in the offices. Yes Because I am too weak They took All money. How will I tell that with the others? Just at the moment when we could finally repair Merry. Nami. With what you do think? With nothing. Kiwi, Mozu Do I dream? Not, Aniki. There is no doubt, Franky House was well there before. But all has well Changed. It IS WHAT THIS BROTHEL?!! Why my house in particular?! I see It is them. Get stuffed, Luffy with the straw hat! Is this your answer to have taken to you your 200 million? Of what a right oses you to attack my men! Which tragedy Unforgivable! Franky-aniki! You returned! Aniki! Are Oh, you there!? Ca reassures me. One passed dirty fifteen minutes with these insane furious! We waited until Aniki comes to avenge us Then we followed Straw hat! Where is it? We saw them returning in an inn. From there, they moved towards the shipyard. They are probably with the Dock n°1, where they were yesterday. Then it is thus? I include/understand. Luffy with the straw hat You will take a beating! Grandmother! Grandmother! There is much wind! He! Much wind much of wind much of wind! Stop playing! It is Carrock, the wind of the south. The waves are increasingly large. The train of the sea will not leave this evening. Chimney, Gonbe, prepare you to turn over on the island! Ouiii! Aqua Laguna arrives! Announces: Here the weather station of Toilets 7. We inform you of the imminent arrival of Aqua Laguna. It will be in Water 7 in the neighborhoods of 00:30. It is true, I had completely forgotten. One is worried so much by the accident of Iceberg-san. Ooi, Aqua Laguna arrives! Inform everyone! Cease work! It is what? Aqua Laguna? He, you! Wait! Which was this message at the moment? How? Ah, you are a traveller. And well, You arrive at the bad moment. Aqua Laguna is a high tide. A high tide? Yes, you must shelter in an elevated place because The city will be found submerged. The city Under the sea? Completely, but it is not for immediately. According to the station, it is for this evening. Ca occurs each year. Would be careful! Ouais. Submerged by the sea He?! This place will run?! It would seem. At all events, let us find Robin-chan quickly. Moreover, by where does one have to seek? And well Where did it can have gone? Hum Perhaps on an archeological site? There is no that by here. Another thing? And well She does not like anything else? An archeological site. Nothing others? And you, Sanji, you know another thing?! If I ask it is that I know anything of it! Does not pass to me in front! Why?! Perhaps we do not know enough Robin-chan. Please, said to us something. Iceberg-san! What did it occur here? What was there? One will not be able to enter by here. In any event, one must absolutely re-examine Ice-ossan. Heu, excuse me. Where is the entry of the offices? Ca is not used for nothing. Only the authorities and certain journalists can enter. One is all there to wait and to worry. I see. Thank you. Which is all this agitation? And well, it is still better with spectators. This music Not, it is not possible! Why at a similar moment? He, everyone! You called me?! At all! You break! Where! Where it is?! Over there! It appears! Do not be timid, listen to all!? Acclaim me! It is you who attacked Iceberg-san! He?! It is inevitably him! Release from this island! Catch this gangster. Bandage insects. I am the superman of this island! The hidden side of Toilets 7! Yes, me am called: FRANKY! Show yourself, Straw hat!