One Piece Treasure Present! The first keyword is this! The way to win will be explained at the end of the show! Oi! It's a dead end ahead! We'll crash into it and die! Gomorrah, stop! Don't rush in recklessly! Stop! A dead end? Do you see such a thing? No. I can't spot one anywhere Message to all personnel! The Kingbull ridden by the pirates has passed through the D-block, and has now arrived at the Courthouse Plaza! I repeat! The pirates are! To all personnel on Enies Lobby's Main Island! All hands! Get to the Courthouse Plaza at once! The pirates have arrived at the Courthouse Plaza!! And then, the gatekeepers of the Main Island's Front Gate, Oimo and Kaashii have joined with the pirates! At the moment, they're destroying the middle part of the Main Island! Open the way! The damage report for our soldiers here is exceeding Two thousand men! Meanwhile, their captain, Straw Hat Luffy, who took down a thousand of them by himself, has suddenly disappeared! We are currently searching for him! This is probably since Enies Lobby's history began, the first time a situation as bad as this has occurred! What's happening? Now, on this island WHAT IS HAPPENING!? You! He jumped! That's no good! If I stay like this It's no good. When I lost to Ao Kiji, I thought about it. If strong guys like this are going to appear once again on our road, if I don't get stronger I won't be able to protect my nakama. That's because even if they aren't strong I have nakama that I want to keep with me. If I don't get stronger than everyone else, I'll lose them all! Then what will you do? I thought about a way to fight at my fullest. So that I don't lose anyone So that I don't let anyone drift away What is he doing? What's happening inside of his body? You won't be able to keep up with me anymore. What? All of my techniques are going to evolve by one step! All for the Sake of Protecting My Friends! Gear Second in Motion Baskerville! Judge Baskerville! Answer, it's me! Oh, Chief Spandam! This is Left-Baskerville on the left! This is Right-Baskerville on the right! As for me in the middle, I am Solitary Journey at Central Main Line! Who's that? Tell me the situation over there! I heard that the pirates arrived at the Courthouse Plaza! The situation? Yeah, the situation! The situation is In fact, they aren't at the plaza anymore, but inside! That's a disaster! What did you say!? Ju Judge, I have a report to make! The huge stone doors of the Courthouse have been cut open and pirates have invaded! I can see that for myself, idiot! There isn't too much of a crowd here. Looks like we can go ahead immediately, but What's that thing? Ah!? What is that? Those heads!? He's like that three-headed watch-dog I heard about in a story! He's Cerlickus! It's Cerberus! How noisy, be silent! This is the place of sacred judgement! I will now decide upon what verdict will rule your fates! Alright, guys. For now, try to get to the roof where Straw Hat-san is. Yokozuna and some others will prevent reinforcements from breaking in from the door. We'll watch your backs, so just rush forward for now! Got it. Look at that. It looks like a trial has begun. Ignore it, it's too much of a pain. Which way is it? Straight ahead! There is a staircase on either side. We can go upstairs with those! Alright! How impolite! They ignored the sacred judgement! We won't forgive him! To ridicule the Judiciary Island! Shit Eat this! What? His katana look like they're bending! Was he the one who cut the gate earlier? Alright, let's go. The path is cleared! So why isn't he the captain with such strength? Hold it, hold it, hold it! Out of my way, reindeer and idiot swordsman! Suit niichan. In this dangerous enemy territory, I'll be the one who clears Nami-san's path! Get outta the way! That's dangerous! Why are you starting a fight!? YOU WANNA FIGHT!? Shut up! Don't you dare show up on Nami-san's road shamelessly! Nami-san, this way. Follow me and only me! You know, we came here to save Robin That's right, Robin-chan is She's waiting for me to save her! I hope she isn't lonely and crying at the moment! Geez! Zoro ran off while we weren't watching him! Wait, Zoro! That's not the right direction! What? I said the staircase! How can you get mistaken and go that way!? Are you a fantasista!? Shut up! Your indications were too messed up! There's no way I'm the one at fault! Zoro, next time I'll try to make a medicine! A medicine for hopeless idiots. Hopeless idiots? Oi Chopper Robin-chwan! I'm coming now! Be sure it works for this one too. Okay, understood. I wonder if aniki will be rescued They're a "can rely on them when the time comes" type Maybe Certainly Probably This is a great crime! This is a great sin! Then I'll take position between you two and Sentence them to death! Agreed! Are you alright, Zoro? It's this way! I know! Don't ignore the Judge! Chopper, Nami, you go ahead. I'll follow after you once I take care of this guy. You think you'll win against me? You cocky pirate! I'll show you what kind of terror I can indulge Pull! St Stop!! Oh hisse! Oh hisse! Oh hisse! Oh hisse! Oh hisse! S St Stop We'll be your opponents, Cerberus! Franky Family! How dare you!? Let's go! Gear? Your techniques will evolve? Blowing steam from all over your body Is this your imitation of a steam engine? What kind of bluff is this? I am I'm glad I met all of you here. Thanks to you, I'll be able to move forward without losing my nakama. I'm glad I met all of you here. Thanks to you, I'll be able to move forward without losing my nakama. What are you saying? I don't get it. Isn't it because you met us that you're about to lose your nakama? What you're saying keeps getting weirder and weirder. Have you gone nuts or something? You want to shoot me? You're only giving me a chance to dodge your attack. Aim well and try to hit me. I can't see him at all! And! No way! No, there's no mistake. I'm glad I met all of you here. This man really He assimilated one of the Rokushiki techniques, soru, and is now using it! He disappeared. There can't be such a ridiculous thing. A pirate scum who's able to fight using soru? No Not only did he use soru, but he enhanced his body to the point that it can withstand the technique. Did he have such a dormant ability from the start? This is a joke of bad taste. However! There is no way someone can catch up with a Rokushiki user's speed! There is no way I can lose! If I turn his body into a door and seal his movements, he won't have any chance. I will charge with all of my might and settle this fight. When you guys move as if you disappeared, I saw you kicking the ground over ten times in an instant. I understood the trick, and I'm glad to know there's a technique to move like this. I'm glad I met you here. Thanks to this, I'll be able to protect my nakama for a long time. I'll take it. With my strongest tekkai! You're really one sturdy guy Then I'll show you something even more interesting. Look at this! I'm so exhausted Just as I thought, my body can't keep up with this yet. Maa, I don't care about my body for now. I've faced a lot of hindrances Damn it! What's happening? The cannons! Fire the cannons! Otherwise we'll be crushed! That's useless! As if we'd stop there, tiny soldiers! Oimo! You can't stop us! I really can't believe it! Those troublesome gatekeepers are now our allies! That's what is called a warrior's luck! Saa, brothers! The Courthouse is right there! Charge in! What are you doing!? Hurry inside! Aren't the pirates already in the Courthouse!? A frog is standing at the central door, so we can't enter! A frog !? Don't let even one of them inside! Yokozuna, hang in there! If we fail here, thousands of them will flow inside! Withstand it until the drawbridge is lowered! We only need one of us to reach our destination! Whatever happens, we must pull the drawbridge lever on the upper level! Mozu sis! Don't mind me and go! Lower the bridge and make sure the Straw Hats cross over to the Judiciary Tower! Don't fall! Absolutely do not let them in! Don't get in my way! Why in the world did that swordsman and the others go upstairs just now!? I don't have the obligation to answer that! What!? More importantly, Franky aniki better be safe! Attack! Seize the pirates! Those shitty bastards! There are still so many of them inside! They're here! Take aim! Get lost! Hey there! Don't send them this way, Chopper! Guilty! Guilty! Guilty! Guilty! Guilty! Guilty! Guilty! What the hell is wrong with you? And where is this place!? You want to send Franky and Nico Robin to the Gates of Justice already? That's right! Do as I say! I'm sorry, but the ship convoy leaving from the Gates of Justice isn't ready yet! It's alright! We can wait for it as long as we want on the other side of the gate! Anyway! Anyway, the first thing to do is to steal the pirates' goal! If we cross the Gates of Justice, they won't be able to do anything at all! Gather all of the CP9 members too! Yes! Well then Stand up you two! You must urgently embark on your trip down to hell We'll take our time to corner the pirates after this is done. Giants! Giants! Giants are our allies! Giants! Giants! Giants are our allies! Everything they're doing is pretty interesting. A sane person would never do anything against this island. Giants! Behold, Chimney. Whether they die or survive in the end, striving to achieve what nobody in the past hundreds years was able to do, this incident will astound everyone in the world. Once this battle is over, that Straw Hat brat's name will roar throughout the whole world! ROBIIIIN!!! He's here! Luffy I CAME TO BRING YOU BACK!!! Why are you trying to save me!? Go back! I don't even want to see your faces anymore! Next time, One Piece: Answer Us, Robin! The Outcries of the Straw Hat Crew! I'm gonna be the Pirate King!