The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Singing from our hearts. Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death sent all the people of the world out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now in the Grand Age of Pirates! H-he broke out of Kami-Shibari? Kami-Shibari: Hair-bind Rumble I'm sorry, Doctorine Just like Doctor gave his life to save the country I'll risk my life to save my nakama. If I'm gonna die anyway Then I'll do it! But please Nobody come into this room! Kalifa the Bubble User! The Soap Trap Approaches Nami I don't know what's going on But he's just like a devil! I think I've grown to like you! I don't know if you're a devil or a demon, But either way, you're following the path of a man! In the name of Kumadori the Lion, I will attempt to defeat you! Soru! Soru: Shave Shigan Q! Q! Q! Q! Shigan: Finger gun Geppou! Geppou: Moon walk Shishi Kababu! Shishi Kababu: Lion birch-turnip, as well as a pun with "shish kebab" If it keeps going like this, then I'll Take this! Sei Mei Ki Kan! Sei mei ki kan: Life return Kami-Shibari! Kami-Shibari! Ka Kami-Shibari! How can this be I'm frozen up all the way to the ends of my hair! My conciousness is It seems like I may have to run away You're very annoying! I'm going to stop him now, Mother! To a man To a man To a man! There are sometimes that battles need to be fought! Soru! Rankyaku "Renge"! Rankyaku "Renge": Storm leg "lotus blossom" Take this! Yana Gin Jou! Yana Gin Jou: Emotional song of the willows Shit Even this week's "Super Me" Had more trouble than I'd imagined But I got the key. Number four, huh? The one the swordsman and long-nose wanted was number two, right? So if this guy had four, and that guy had three There's only one person left. Then that means the number two key is held by that secretary woman! I should hurry I need to go help! Weren't you short on time? I thought you said you wouldn't go easy on me Perhaps I misheard you? Making fun of me You'll pay for this! Well then, attack me. You don't have to wait. The fight has already begun. A devil fruit user, taking a bath right in front of their enemy If at least half your body submerged, you should lose your power! Are you trying to say I'm letting my guard down? Don't worry. You did lose your power as well. Excuse me a moment. What did you do to me? Isn't unraveling that mystery the best part of fighting a devil fruit user? The one who did that to Sanji-kun has to be this woman I have to be careful! Otherwise, there'll be no purpose to me taking his place! My strength's coming back a little. I'll show you The power of the Perfect Clima Tact! If you think I'm just a cute face, you're sadly mistaken! I can move my legs Here I go Thunder Charge! Swing Arm! What a great weapon. This is A cloud? I'm not just gonna sit and let you beat me. Thunderbolt Tempo! You gave me too much time, so that's what happens. You surprised me. I never thought I would be struck by lightning while indoors. What? The form she had when guarding against the lightning It disappeared into bubbles! If you can't solve that mystery, you have no hope of winning. Are you able to do that? It really is soap turning into bubbles You're a soap-human who ate the awa-awa no mi, or something like that? Awa-Awa no mi: Bubble-Bubble fruit B-but, even if you know what my power is, You still don't have a chance of winning! Insolent girl! Looks like I was right Is that bad? That's right. Cleanliness is power I ate the Awa-Awa no mi, I am a soap-human who can create bubbles. Isn't it wonderful? Wow, she's so sexy! If I had a secretary like this, I'd be so happy No, I'm not an old pervert! But isn't that useless in battle? It doesn't seem too powerful. But all of the bubbles that my body creates, I am able to manipulate to my liking. What? I'll show you. The bubbles from the bathtub? Bubble Master! Soap Sheep! This Well, isn't it wonderful? Are you an idiot? Appearances can be deceiving. Hitsuji-Gumo Relax Awa! Hitsuji-Gumo Relax Awa: Sheep-cloud relax bubbles, as well as "awa" being a pun with "hour" Do you happen to know why you lost your strength upon entering this room? That's right That had to be part of this woman's power as well. Bubbles! That's right, when I first stepped into the room The floor was covered in bubbles. No! You figured it out too late. I'm losing my strength Before It was from when I stepped on the bubbles when I first came in You'll understand the terror of my power little by little The bubbles my body produces can weaken any object. Not only can they clean off dirt, they can also clean off power and other things. And the one thing you should never forget, is that I am an assassin. I can move All the bubbles from before are gone. I won't let you do any more Thunder Ball! That weapon Is all that I don't quite understand. I'm losing my strength Before It was from when I stepped on the bubbles when I first came in You'll understand the terror of my power little by little The bubbles my body produces can weaken any object. Not only can they clean off dirt, they can also clean off power and other things. And the one thing you should never forget, is that I am an assassin. I can move All the bubbles from before are gone. I won't let you do any more Thunder Ball! That weapon Is all that I don't quite understand. Golden Awa! Golden Awa: Golden bubble, "awa" is also a pun with "hour" What are you doing?! I can't stand up W-what happened to my legs? Aren't they pretty? Anything I touch can gain a beautiful shine. I'll give you beautiful skin All over your entire body. Tekkai! Tekkai: Iron mass I still don't know what's going on. So I'll go get some more cola. Maybe I can see how that deer's doing What's that? What is this? That's the CP9 that was in the fridge What? This monster beat him? What's going on? Wasn't that deer wearing that same hat? Oi, you! Aren't you that deer-gorilla? Oi this is a joke, right? There's no mistaking it Kumadori-san! He came flying from the Tower of Justice! But that's Who could have done that?! Damn What the hell's up with him? A voice. Oi, hurry up Why're you stopping, Nico Robin?! Oi, did you hear me?! You woman who's mere existence is a crime! Oi, Lucci, drag her along! Grab her by the hair! It's an order. Keep moving. Nico Robin. Wait Do you actually still think the Strawhat crew's gonna come to save you? Idiot! Do you really believe in those lousy pirates? That explosion earlier had to be my imagination. There's no way they could make it here! While they're still dreaming about saving you, we'll go through the Gate of Justice! The Bridge of Hesitation reaches to the true Gate of Justice. We'll go across the half of the bridge that's prepared. Once the gate is opened, we'll raise the other half of the bridge. And then we'll make it through the Gate of Justice! And last, we'll close the gate again. You'll never feel hope again. Never again. The only thing you'll ever feel will be the pain of your sins. You'll continue to pay for the sin of living until this day! Right, Nico Robin? Well, let's hurry. Hurry up and come! ROBIN! W-what was that?! I heard a voice! What was that voice?! Director, you take Nico Robin, and please, hurry on ahead. A door? Looks like this one isn't made of steel It got really wide! Where am I? I found you, pigeon-guy! You finally made it. Oi, answer me, CP9! A pirate managed to get down here! Damn are you guys even listening?! Wait! You that's! I pushed the Golden Den-Den Mushi! Next time on One Piece: Resounding Bad News! The Buster Call Invoked! I'm gonna be the pirate king!