The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death sent all the people of the world out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now in the Grand Age of Pirates! Chopper! What's wrong? Look closely, it's me! Nami! Chopper! Chopper, stop it! It's time for me to finish this. Rankyaku: Storm leg No! I can't dodge when my whole body's like this! I dodged? One of my legs is back to normal! Why? What happened? It's wet In all the confusion before Yes! Water! The soap power can be washed away with water! Aren't you underestimating me? Golden awa: Golden bubbles, as well as "awa" being a pun with "hour" Do you really think I'll let you do it? Hitsuji-Gumo Relax Awa: Sheep-cloud relax bubbles, as well as "awa" being a pun with "hour" I'll blow those bubbles away with wind! Cyclone- Damn! No, my strength is Shinaru Shigan: Bending finger gun The Tact Whip! I'm saved Saved? When you send me flying, You also get rid of the other bubbles. If you like, I can continue to send you flying until you die. The weather is cloudy! Cloudy Tempo! It's not a magic show like it used to be! Clouds More lightning? Lightning doesn't come from thin clouds like this. Instead, they'll do something else. You wouldn't No, you would! The weather is rainy! Cool Ball! Soru: Shave Rain! Rain Tempo! That's not very nice, after I'd made you so beautiful. If giving in is nice, then I have to refuse. Cool Charge! Mirage Tempo! She's gone? I understand your powers, And CP9's strength. What is this? Mirage Tempo Fata Morgana! Nami's Determination! Shoot the Rampaging Chopper! The mirages from before only one is real? That's right. One is me, the others are just distortions caused by the extreme cold, Illusions in the air itself. Illusions? How mysterious and beautiful. But if you think about it, you'll realize that illusions cannot be hurt by attacks. So, the entire point of this is to mislead me. Exactly. Getting this serious That's not cute at all. Thunder Charge. The real one of me is among these five. So what? So Thunder Ball! Only 20% of these attacks are real. Can you dodge them? No I have to guard! What are you- But that was 100% of the power. Didn't I tell you? You're too careless. The Clima Tact is a lot different from before. This much power in a simple Thunder Ball With my next big attack, I'll defeat you. Why are you making promises like that? You're too cocky! It's not a promise. It's a forecast. I have control over the humidity and temperature. The weather in this room is all mine! Why does it matter if you've controlled the weather? The rokushiki surpass any human abilities! Insolent girl! That one wasn't real?! The probability of finding the real one Is 20%. In today's sky In a field of stable pressure There will be violent currents, and some storm clouds. Soon, the lightning and thunder may even pierce your chest. Be careful of the numbness of the heart! Dark Cloud Tempo! I showed you before how I can guard against lightning. I just have to be prepared! When you guard like that, you have the disadvantage of being unable to move. Don't underestimate me. Are you saying that you can defeat that with a simple attack? Well. Soap Sheep! I don't need to only hit the real one. I'll simply engulf all of you with a wave of "relax awa!" Hitsuji-Gumo Tidal Wave! If that hits me, it's all over! All that will be truely engulfed is the real one! You think I'll let that happen? Cyclone Tempo! Blowing them away with wind! But the one that was saved Must be the real one! Shigan! Oh, I thought you were an illusion as well. You can't escape any longer. I'll cover you in holes. Did you forget? You need to listen to a navigator's weather forecast. Lightning will come forth from the storm cloud to the Clima Tact. Come! The one from before Thunder Lance Tempo! No matter how strong you are, My forecasts are always right. My nakama are waiting. I'm taking your key! Bastard Damn deer-gorilla This whole island's in trouble! Everybody you'd better be safe! Oi, marines, come back! Come back for us! Amanedachi: Circumference cut Chopper, aren't you done?! What're you doing? Wait, Nico Robin! Made it! Deer-gorilla! Where are you? Franky? Why were you there? Oneechan: Girly That deer-gorilla of yours came this way, right? Deer? Chopper? Yeah, the deer-gorilla. Yes, he did! What was that? What happened to Chopper?! How would I know? I was gonna ask you! Can't he change into that kinda thing? I don't know, I've never seen him like that before! Really? I thought you guys would know how to deal with him Well, let's just go kill him then If you say that again I'll be the one to kill you! I-I won't say it again Never again. But anyway, if we don't do anything, And we just let him rampage like that We don't know what'll happen to this tower. Yeah It doesn't seem like he'll listen to us And he didn't even seem to recognize me. He might have lost his memories. What caused this? I'm not sure, but it probably has something to do with his devil fruit. Then there'll only be one way to deal with it Anyway, good job! You took this woman out? We need the key she had, the number two key. The key? Just a sec, I was just looking for it. Key, key Where did she hide it? Now that's great. Stay away, stay away! You know, I have 8000 men who will Actually, they're my friend Usopp-kun's. But anyway, they're gonna attack this island, so please just stop this and get away! Aren't there more than 8000 men on this island? Go ahead and call 'em. Fool, don't say things like that. If you fall for this fool's lies, you're a disgrace to CP9. I know, I was just playing along with the lie. It's not like I'm lacking in common sense like you seem to be. I have a lot of common sense! I'm just saying you do idiotic things, stupid-eyelashes! Let's change our plan. But for now The Buster Call's coming. We've wasted a lot of time, So it's time to just work together. Let's finish this! W-wait, calm down! You calm down! Rankyaku! Shigan! Shigan! You can't let yourself drop it, be more careful! Soru! This is dangerous, it'd be best if we could detach ourselves safely. I want to get this guy off of me. Chopper! Hurry and save us! What's that monster? There was another zoan fruit user? This guy's CP9 too? But he seems familiar. Ch-Chopper?! Chopper, it's us! Stop it! Oi, is that thing really Chopper? Why the hell doesn't he recognize us?! I don't know, but it has to be Chopper! There isn't anything else with that hat and those horns! Then, what about our hope? The number two key? I don't know, we're done for, we're gonna die But it's strange He's the one that looks close to death. His life force is draining really fast. W-what are you talking about? It's like just being in that form uses a huge amount of energy What?! What can we do about it? What about the key?! Where's the number two key?! I don't know what happened, But he probably fought as hard as he could, And he turned into that. And now He's causing a lot of problems What is that creature? And the Buster Call is still approaching He's annoying, so he's probably one of the pirates. If it's in the way, We need to get rid of it. He's weak, but We get something this way. They're gonna get Chopper! Straighten your back, Hana-Arashi! What are you doing?! Sanjuuroku Pondo Hou: 36 pound cannon Bastard Outta the way, you guys! He's- Franky! What the hell're you trying to do, these guys are our- I know, shut up. This is the only solution. Devil fruit users have one weakness I'll shoot him into the sea Sorry, but this is what I have to do! Coup de Vent: Strong gale Franky, you bastard, what the hell're you doing, You can't do that kinda thing to our nakama! Don't worry. We already worked it out together. Doing that kinda thing What the hell are they trying to do? What an annoying group You're finally free? Don't laugh, you should be regretful. A chance to kill me like you could before will never come again. World Government! Please! Don't kill Usopp! You're next! Stop! Next time on One Piece: Introducing Sanji the Hunter? An Elegy for the Lying Wolf I'm gonna be the pirate king!