Robin! Whether you wanna die or not, I don't care about whatever you say! Say that kind of thing while you're by our sides! Leave the rest to us! They passed through the Aqua Laguna to come here. If you think about it, it's amazing. Seems like they're quite lucky. This time we have permission to kill. This is gonna be easy if we don't have to hold back. The drawbridge? Yeah. The Franky Family is fighting for it at the moment. If they lower it, we'll be able to go to the other side at once. Really She's just in front of our eyes too. You Geez! How much of a burden is this woman carrying? Oi, CP9! Alright guys! I give you the permission to annihilate them, but attack them from this Tower of Justice! The first priority is my life, my promotion! If these guys go free, if by any chance something happens, who's gonna protect me? You tako-pirates! Tako, literally meaning octopus, is just used as an insult here. Even if you try your hardest, there's nothing you can change in the end! We have this assassin group, the CP9's strength. We have the heavy Gates of Justice, impossible to open with mere human power! And more importantly At this moment, I hold the authority to use this Golden Den-Den Mushi, and call upon the Buster Call! The Buster Call? That's right Exactly twenty years ago, it's the power that crushed your homeland, Nico Robin. The name Ohara It disappeared from the next year's map, didn't it? Robin's homeland? That shitty mask I don't have anywhere to go to, nor do I have a place to call home. Stop! Anything but that! That's a nice reaction, it's giving me chills! What? Does that mean you want me to push the Buster Call launching switch? Do you really understand what will happen if you press that button? I guess I do The probability of the pirates leaving this island will become zero! With a single push of this button It's really simple. It won't end as simply as that! Are the old memories flowing in? Then, should I press it for a little test? Now and here WHAT ARE YOU DOING!? STOP IT NOW!! You shouldn't be so cocky with me Right? You said Ohara disappeared from the next map, didn't you? Can you see humans when looking from above on a map? It's because you are looking upon the world this way That's why you can do such a horrible thing! The Buster Call is It's a ruthless power that loses sight of its target itself. You can't use it Never Anything but that Robin's Past! The Girl who was Called a Demon! Robin's there! Let's get her! Ouch We did it! Hey! Monster! So creepy! Monster, monster! Monster, monster! I've been attacked by a monster! She's creepy! We'll remember this! Hey there. My kids came home crying, saying they were beaten even though they didn't do anything. Don't approach my children anymore! Can't you say anything!? Geez! You really are a disgusting girl. Hold it! Our conversation isn't over! Hey, hey! What's for dinner today? What do you want to eat? I want, I want Home rice! You really like home rice! Yeah! Then I'll need to make a lot. Yay! I'm home. Sorry for being late. Aunt Roji? To Robin. Today is our daughter's birthday, so the three of our family, without any intruders, have decided to go out for dinner. There's bread left for your dinner, so eat it properly. Be sure not to use too much jam. When you're done eating and before we get back home, wash the plates, clean the house, bring the laundry inside, and be sure to go upstairs before it gets too late. Hey, hey! What's for dinner today? What do you want to eat? I want, I want Home rice! You really like home rice! Yeah! Then I'll need to make a lot! Yay! She's here, it's Robin. It seems like she came to return a book. Everyone, get in place! Good evening. Professor Clover, I came to return the book One, two! Robin, congratulations!! You're amazing, Robin! As expected from a genius! We've got a cake! A cake! Robin. The doctor's degree archeology test you took the other day You got a perfect score! From today on, you are finally recognized as an archeologist! Starting from today, you are one of our companions who'll work on research with us. Here, this is the proof that you are a scholar. Take it, Robin. This is great, Robin. Congratulations! Alright, Robin. You must know well what being an archeologist is about! Yes, Professor Clover. Knowledge is namely the past. Those numerous books They traveled for a long time to be accumulated here, as they came from all across the globe to this five thousand year old Tree of Omniscience. For the entirety of humanity, they are irreplaceable assets! This is the world's largest, greatest library, that holds pride in the knowledge it contains! And gathered under this Tree of Omniscience are brave archeologists. Since we are using these documents, there is no historical mystery unsolvable for us! Do you understand, Robin? Yes. In the research that'll appear on our road later on, you'll contribute to the world by understanding other cultures. Professor, I want to solve the mystery of the Void History! You can't, you can't! That has always been forbidden! Why? If we study the Poneglyphes, we'll know what happened during the Void Century, right? Why do you know so much? You used your ability to spy on us in the basement once again! But Any action taken to decipher the Poneglyphes is considered a great crime! We should be beheaded! But Isn't everyone gathering in the basement late at night to do research on the Poneglyphes? Robin! Why do you know such a thing? What does this mean? Are you saying that you peeked on all of that too? Answer me, Robin! But Even if I asked you clearly, you wouldn't let me inside! That's why I thought that if I became a real archeologist, I would be accepted as everyone's research companion. I tried hard too Robin Indeed You have earned enough knowledge to be called an archeologist. But you are still just a kid. If you are found working with us, you'll be beheaded. This is something we're doing, being fully prepared. Since eight hundred years ago, when this became the law of the world, there have been as many scholars who lost their lives trying to uncover the truth as there are stars in the sky. This is a good opportunity. I will tell you about it. Those who are able to decipher those ancient, historical writings, are those in Ohara alone. We can't go back anymore. Swear on the Tree of Omniscience! The next time you approach the basement, we will forbid you from entering the research center and the library! You got it? Robin! She's completely following in her mother's shadow. She still doesn't know about the incident that occurred a few days ago. Robin's mother, Olvia, has already been captured. We can already predict her fate. W Water Earthworm? Mizu = Water, Mimizu = Earthworm Delicious! That saved my life I wonder if that person's safe too Anyway, ya saved me. Thanks. There must be a town 'round here. I see In any case, I wanted to drift to a deserted island or somethin'. Even if ya stand there still, nothin' will happen. I injured my leg. So I won't move from here. I plan on buildin' a raft or somethin' to get outta here while I can. Is this your first time seein' a giant? I'll warn you now, don't judge me as bein' like those barbaric giants from Elbaf. There are peaceful giant clans too, ya know I'll try askin' ya somethin' impossible, but I'd like ya not to talk about me to anyone once ya get home. Understood. That answer was too fast. That's absolutely impossible. I won't tell. That's a lie. There's no way a kid can protect a secret! But I'm not interested in you. Dereshi? What does that mean? What are ya talkin' about? I'm laughin'! You are laughing? You're an interestin' one! That's a weird way to laugh. Since long ago, I've been told a lot that the way I laugh is awkward. Ain't ya cute when you laugh? It'd be better if ya laughed more! I go by the name of Saulo. I'm Hagwarl D. Saulo. D? Yeah. I don't really know much about it. Everyone in my family line's got it. What's your name? Robin. I see. Robin, the truth is that I'm bein' pursued by some people. So I'll be in deep trouble if someone finds me. I won't tell anyone. Delicious! Here's one more. The intention alone makes me glad. You eat the rest. My stomach is alright now. I got some fish and ate it last night. Alright, it's almost complete. I'll continue buildin' my raft! But Aren't ya bored? Ya come here to keep me company all day long. Your friends and parents might get suspicious about it. I don't have any parents. I have a mother, but she's been sailing the seas for her job since I was little. I don't even remember her face. I like every one of the archeologists, but they won't let me join their research, so I'm being left out. As for the kids in town They say I'm creepy, so they won't play with me. So you are a Devil Fruit user. Aren't you scared? I once sailed the Grand Line. I've seen lots of amazing Devil Fruit users there. I see. I'm jealous! It looks handy! That's really a weird way to laugh. Be it funny or not Ya know, when ya laugh, you can be happy. Why is that? Even if ya ask why When you're happy, laugh! Which also means that if ya laugh you'll become happy! Even though you're so small, you look like you're suffering a lot. Ya just need to laugh! When you're sad, just laugh! If I laugh when I'm in pain, I'll look like an idiot. That's not true! See, you can test it for yourself too! Dereshi! Right, right! That's how ya do it! You're good, you're good! This is the Marine Headquarters. Chief Spandine, I request an answer. They're asking for you, Chief. Let them be. It must just be to check on our situation. I told them we'd contact them first when we see the coastline. I don't care whether it's Ohara or Opera, but why did I have to go all the way to West Blue? Really It's not even a job worth my time Ya don't even remember your mom's face? But I want to meet her. So your mom is an archeologist too? She's on a journey to find history no one knows about. W-What is your mom's name? Next time, One Piece: The Fated Parent and Child! The Mother's Name is Olvia! I'm gonna be the Pirate King!