The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Singing from our hearts. Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death sent all the people of the world out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now in the Grand Age of Pirates! Just like I promised I'll kill you fast. It won't hurt. You were safer when you were still stuck to your shepard. This is it! Don't kill him! Please! We don't need your key! Now die! USOPP! Who the hell are you?! The hunter. I-I'm sorry, Sanji-kun I I should As long as you're alive, it's fine. Everyone has things they can and can't do. Sanji You two, look outside. No The Gate of Justice is opening. Robin If that gate opens and Robin-chan goes through it We can't cross the sea through it because of the Sea King nests, And past that is the Undersea Prison and the Marine Headquarters. Robin-chan will be completely taken away from us. No Luffy didn't make it in time? Let's show her, Funkfreed! Just up there is Luffy Don't kill her Ivory Dart! You can't escape, idiot! Don't mess with me! Now let's go together To the gate of dreams. Leave this guy's key to me. Changing fighters? Doesn't matter to me. I'll do what you can't do, You do what I can't do. Think carefully! Read the situation. If you're here There's gotta be a way Robin-chan can be saved! Usopp! I want to live! What I can do? The Scorching Kick! Sanji's Full-Course of Footwork If I'm here we can save Robin? What? What do you mean? Soru. Go! Y-yeah! Usopp! O-ow! My wounds Just put up with it! Isn't this better than getting killed? You're right! Tekkai Kenpo! Kenpo: Style of martial arts Ookami Hajiki! Ookami Hajiki: Wolf Bullet You're not really that great Not worth my time! Oh, I've got it! What? We can If I'm here, we can save Robin! Dammit! "Dammit?" Can't you do this without getting worked up? Let's hurry, Nami-kun! Wait a second! I've got it, I've got it! Hey, be quiet! You'll make the wolf come after us! Maybe I'll go kill them! Man, he got me Jusshigan! Troisième Haché! Troisième Haché!: Third-Rate Mincemeat Tekkai! You think that hurt, idiot? What's with this guy's kicks? That power where you guys turn to steel is pretty bad Rankyaku "Korou"! Korou: Lonely Wolf Bas Côtes! Bas Côtes: Shoulder roast Longé! Longé: Loin Tendron! Tendron: Collar Flanchet! Flanchet: Stomach Quasi! Quasi: Rump Queue! Queue: Tail Cuisseau! Cuisseau: Thigh Jarret! Jarret: Shank Veau Shot! Veau: Veal Tekkai Kenpo! Didn't I already tell you That your kicks don't hurt me, rouga? Rouga: Wolf Fang, as well as being a pun with the way Jyabura speaks Did that hurt, rouga? Tekkai Kenpo "Rouga no Kamae!" Rouga no Kamae: Wolf-Fang Stance I'm the only rokushiki master who can move while my whole body's using tekkai! Shut up already! Deuxième Haché! Deuxième Haché: Second-Rate Mincemeat It looks like it hurt, but it didn't? How is it? I'm impressed I've waited to fight a guy like you. Could you go and save Robin for me? What are you talking about? I didn't mention this earlier, but Robin is My long-lost little sister. What? Really? I didn't know, she's never mentioned it before Of course she didn't But it's the truth. It happened more than 20 years ago. I'll never forget it On an island in West Blue, on a nice summer day, Me and Robin were playing together. Oniichan! Oniichan: Big brother We were really close. Robin! We always played together. How's this? We were really happy that day. Until they came When I wasn't looking, Pirates came and took Robin! Robin! Bring Robin back! I never saw her again When she finally managed to get away from the pirates, It was too late. It's all my fault No matter what, I want her to be saved But I can't do it myself So I'll leave it to you Please save Robin! Yosh, just leave it to me! I'll take this key and go save Like I'd believe that, rouga! Robin-chan is your sister? Idiot, tell a more believable lie! Damn, you're a lot of trouble, you stupid woman! Stupid stupid stupid stupid woman! You're making me tired! Walk on your own! How many times have I told you? You don't even have a shred of hope left! We heard a voice earlier, but nobody's gonna come! Lucci's taking that guy down right now! It's your fault I started coughing! You stupid stupid stupid woman! Stupid stupid stupid stupid woman! You should understand now. No matter what you do, you won't be able to go through that door. No. I don't care what I have to do, I'm going through! It seems we don't agree. It doesn't matter what you do. I don't have time for this Gomu gomu no gatling! Stamp! Muchi! Muchi: Whip Yari! Yari: Spear Did I finally hurt you, ookami-kun? Ookami: Wolf Bastard, my key! You did give it to me. Bastard You still don't get it? Tekkai- Bye! WAIT! I'm the one who's supposed to trick people! Making fun of me Soru! Party Table Tekkai Kenpo- Cuisseau Shoot! Brochette! Brochette: Skewer Damn, now I'm pissed If you really wanna get hurt that badly Fine. How about I show you The true power of Tekkai Kenpo! Tekkai Kenpo "Rouba no Kamae!" Rouba no Kamae: Wolf-Banana Stance Roukaru Area Network! Roukaru Area Network: Wolf-Hunt Area Network, as well as a pun with "Local Area Network" He sliced the air?! Don Po Rou! Don Po Rou: Important Wolf Step How's the power of a tekkai punch? It must've hurt! Geppou! Rankyaku "Lupus Four!" Trying to steal my key and run was pretty stupid of you! I'm a wolf! I'll chase you down 'till I catch you and eat you! What, you were alive? I don't intend to run I don't intend to be killed I don't intend to forgive you. Forgive me? You're doing that for Nico Robin? That kind of feeling's only gonna get in your way in a fight. If you've got the time to pity that stupid, hopeless woman, You should think of a way to get out of here alive! Be careful what you say When I get mad, I heat up You're not even trying, there's no way you can win! You should be in a lot of pain by now If that's not enough for you Tekkai Kenpo "Matenrou!" Matenrou: Devil-Heaven Wolf If you're gonna laugh, now's the time to do it. I dunno why you're spinning around like that, but What? His leg is red? The leg of the devil Diable Jambe. Diable Jambe: Devil Leg A heated-up leg Hitting with high speed Light?! HOT! Has the same power as the devil. HOT HOT HOT! I-I'm burnt! I'm hot all the way down to my bones! Tekkai didn't even work! What the hell's up with that kick?! Idiot, jumping into the air when you're fighting a rokushiki master Diable Jambe Premier Haché! Premier Haché: First-Rate Mincemeat Idiot! You're such an idiot! If you get too cocky, you lose the fight! It's my win! Gekkou Jusshigan! Gekkou Jusshigan: Moonlight Ten Shigan You stopped one hand? Too bad. If you'd gotten in another kick you could've stopped all the shigan! No, I had no choice The last kick Is the finishing blow. Diable Jambe W-wait! Flambage Flambage: Flaming Shot! Cooking is a gift from the gods Spices are a gift from the devil. Looks like it was a little too spicy for you. Fine, show me The full fighting potential of a giraffe! Next time on One Piece: A Furious Attack of Drawn Swords! Zoro vs. Kaku: Powerful Slashing Duel I'm gonna be the pirate king!