Translation from Japanese: Timing: You can Insert your translations credits here, dont forget to uncomment the line The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Singing from our hearts. Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! It's really taken a long time! But I finally made it! Once I pass through the gate, I'll be the government's- No, the world's hero! Lucci's here? Are you having trouble with him? Where's Nico Robin? I brought two of the keys. You need help? No More importantly Please stop Robin! You can get to the Gate of Justice through the door behind pigeon-guy! Robin already got taken through! I'll take care of him. Just leave it to me, bastard! I've made you wait. My neck as well as my limbs If I can control all of their reaches at will, I can fight as I like. I'm a yontouryuu user! Yontouryuu: Four-sword style Like this, I can use the giraffe's power to its fullest! You'll have no chance of winning! Even if giraffes are the most powerful Even if you can fully use that annoying neck Even if you are a yontouryuu user What? He stopped my swords? You still have no chance of defeating me! Fierce God Zoro! The Incarnation of Asura Shown by his Spirit How boastful Then show me what you can do! Santouryuu Santouryuu: Three-sword style Hyou Hyou: Leopard Kin Kin: Lute He's flying towards me? Dama! Dama: Jewel How? I thought I avoided the attack! Don't tell me He knew what I was going to do? What are you so surprised about? This couldn't have really been the first time you've been hurt. You really did mean it You've truly made me dislike you. But this is where it ends! Not only do I have my mastery of rokushiki, I also have the power of a giraffe. Skill, power, speed. No matter how you look, there's no way I can lose! I won't allow you even a moment of relaxation! Rankyaku Shuriken! Kiriman Jaro! Kiriman Jaro: Giraffe-man fire oar, also a pun with Mount Kilimanjaro Shit! A whip-like neck Henchikirin! Henchikirin: Bamboo whip forest Faster! Mouchikirin! Mouchikirin: Fierce bamboo forest How is it, being hit by numerous attacks? And without stopping, four swords! Prepare yourself! Gekirin! Gekirin: Imperial wrath Here I go. What a powerful attack What's wrong? Is blocking all you're able to do? You can't defeat me! Mere pirates going against the World Government never had a chance! Everything is worthless compared to justice! Even that woman! Bastard What? Just now For just a moment, this man looked like a fierce god with three faces and six arms! What is he? You got cocky And said too much, bastard. Did I offend you? Well then Using the most powerful rankyaku "amanedachi" that I sliced the tower with I'll slice you in two and finish this! You should give up There's nowhere to run! This is different from that demonstration before! Idiot You're the one that should give up. Demonic spirit Kyuutouryuu Kyuutouryuu: Nine-sword style Asura. The demon from before! Is he creating illusions with his soul alone? That's a good try, but you're too late! You're also the one that's too late. You should wait to say those things until after you've avoided the rankyaku! Amanedachi! The attacks He made them disperse?! You did well. Suffering is good On the path to carnage. Asura Ichibugin! Ichibugin: One Mist Silver I have a message from the Galley-La other leader. If you see those guys tell them You're fired. I always thought of you guys as my nakama! Paulie? Now that's too bad They always said that assassins couldn't have any other job How about a zoo? That's great! Sorry. Oi, marimo! Did you get the key? Yeah I just got it. Really? But you really overdid it. The tower slipped again. Is it really gonna be okay? Don't even bother talking about it. It doesn't really matter. With this we have all the keys. Yeah. Let's hurry and get to Robin. Run! Just run! Full speed ahead! We need to just not worry 'bout Aniki and the Strawhats! Run to survive! Even if you break your legs, keep running! Run! We're counting on you, giants! You guys're just riding, so keep quiet! I agree! Go, in the name of Elbaf! Shut up! Baachan, faster! Hurry, hurry! Chimney, I'm an old woman! Be patient! Well, if I don't drink more, I can't run. Baachan, he's falling! Pick him up, pick him up! Is that an order? Baachan! Let's hurry! We've finally arrived! I can't stop laughing! Oi! Gate of Justice guards! Is it all ready?! Yes, it is! We are waiting for your arrival- No! You're supposed to come out to show your respect! The hero Spandam-sama just arrived! Y-yes sir, right away! Idiots, can't do it right Oi, Nico Robin, look at that. That little gate there's the real entrance. Once you go through there, it'll be like you crossed from heaven to hell And that will be the moment that I will go down in history! Hey hey hey, where do you think you're going? I really do feel sorry for you But there's no choice. There's no reason for you to live. Now, for your death. That bitch! I don't want to die! I don't want to die! I can't die! Stop acting like this! Stand up already! What? I can't get her? What's going on? She's holding on with her teeth?! This woman just doesn't know when to give up, how annoying! Why the hell are you so stuck on living?! You're pathetically greedy! Just what I'd expect from a criminal! You can't even make people happy by dying! Why the hell are you still acting like this at the end of everything?! Dying is so frightening I don't want to die Save me, everyone! Luffy! Shigan That won't work! Ouren! Ouren: Yellow lotus Strawhat! No I've gotta worry about getting through that door, fast! It's no use. You can't go through here. Shut up! Strong Tekkai! Hammer! What, not even a response? That attack sent Chapapa flying I see. You defeated Fukurou, then came here? I'm sorry. My douriki is Five times his. You did well defeating Fukurou. Your strength is superhuman as well. This guy's in a completely different league! Now die. Gomu Gomu no Jet Pistol! What the hell?! What's with the smoke?! Gear Second. I can't keep it up for too long, But I'll stop him, so go on ahead! Franky! Robin is waiting! Yosh, Strawhat! I have no clue what you're doing, but you go beat him! Didn't I say I wouldn't allow that? You were a devil fruit user too?! First I'll get rid of you, Franky! Jet Whip! Did you forget, Strawhat Luffy? In this form, I defeated you in a single blow at the Galley-La building. Yeah, that I got better after I ate meat. Soru! Shigan! Gomu Gomu no Tekkai! Jet Bazooka! Franky! Get Robin! Leave it to me! You still don't get that it's useless?! How many times have I told you?! You don't have any more hopes left! I can't move from here. Everyone is going to come save me! On the island of snipers I was born Next time on One Piece: Spandam's Surprise! The Hero who Stands on the Tower of Justice I'm gonna be the pirate king!