Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa The Criminal is Luffy Oyabun? Follow the Missing Giant Sakura As you can see, spring has come even to Grand Jipang. Everyone's getting into the mood, As the villagers pass the time without a care. It's tomorrow, right? It seems like it'll be a pretty nice day. That's lucky. I've already gone and ordered our bentou from the Kaza-Guruma! That's great! The reason the village's spring is so exciting is this: Underneath the Sennen-Zakura tree of Grand Jipang, Sennen-Zakura: Thousand Year Sakura Once a year they have a huge festival. There's no reason not to. I can get a lot of good out of staying here. Even a hungry monk sees no reason to stay away. Shut up. A-anyway Even at a time like this, there are some who have no reason to celebrate "Influenza"? What's that? The flu. It's a type of disease. It's contagious, so he shouldn't leave the house, and he needs to rest. No! We promised we would all go to the Hana-Mi tomorrow! Hana-Mi: a festival where everyone goes and picnics under the sakura trees. That won't happen! If he does that, it could get worse, and he might die! No Ninjin wanted to come have fun too Sensei, do something for him! Sensei: Doctor, teacher Aren't you a doctor? Don't be stupid. Even doctors have things they can and can't do. Sorry, everyone. It's my fault I'm like this; Don't blame Aohana-sensei. It doesn't matter. Just go to the Hana-Mi without me. Everybody's just going on and on about the Hana-Mi, it's depressing Don't say that! All because of the Hana-Mi, we're selling lots of bentou! Bentou: A type of boxed lunch And it's all because of the Sennen-Zakura. That's right. That doesn't matter to me. While everybody's having fun, I've gotta patrol the city! What're you talking about? The city'll be empty, there must be something else you can do. Right, Oyabun? Aren't there any good options? Aren't there? I just wish there was a way I could show him the Sennen-Zakura I just wish there was a way I could heal him What's with those two? I dunno, they've been like this for a while. It's no good. I can't think of anything. Me either. Hold on, you two are going? Bye, Aohana-sensei Yeah Why are they acting so down at this time of year? Oyabun even left his food. After that, it was finally the day of the Hana-Mi festival. I made you medicine, Ninjin What the hell is this?! The Sennen-Zakura! There's not even a hint! It's full of mysteries. Why would anyone want to steal something so huge? Yeah Well, I'd think that the criminal probably did it for the money And this is what I've been thinking Tono-sama is the criminal! Tono-sama: A lord in feudal Japan Tono-sama?! Yeah, in order to sneak it out, he did it in the middle of the night- Why would someone like him do something like this?! You were a bad person for me to ask. Where's Strawhat at a time like this? W-well, when I went to get him he wasn't there He should be here soon I just wish there was a way I could show him the Sennen-Zakura The Sennen-Zakura It can't be Oi, have you seen Oyabun? W-what? What happened here? Well, since the sakura's gone, Nobody wants their bentou anymore. All because of the sakura thief, my money's gone The Kaza-Guruma is done for Kaza-Guruma: Pinwheel; this is also the restaurant's name. Well, that's too bad Oi, oi, come here a sec. What? Well Oyabun's the sakura thief? I'm not sure yet, but He was acting weird yesterday. Oh yeah, he said something about showing someone the sakura Yes, that! I haven't seen him since this morning, So that's what I think Who, exactly, is the sakura thief? That Strawhat B-but we're not sure yet Shut up! You know what we have to do! Whether it's Oyabun or someone else, We have to find the criminal and bring him to justice! Now! Did you find anything? No, it's no good. How about with Aohana-sensei? I didn't go there yet. It seems something's going on with Oyabun at Ninjin's house. That's where I was headed now. Ninjin's house? Yeah. Apparently he was wandering around, muttering about what to do about the sakura. Sakura~ Sakura~ Across the Spring sky~ As far as you can see~ Is it a mist, or clou-~ What's up with you guys? That doesn't matter! Strawhat! What's with that sakura branch? This? Don't play dumb! Where'd you put the rest of the Sennen-Zakura?! The rest of the Sennen-Zakura? You just don't know when to stop, do you, Oyabun? Are you really trying to say that the Sennen-Zakura being stolen has nothing to do with that branch? What? The Sennen-Zakura was Hey, Oyabun How about you just tell me the truth? What do you mean by that? I just found it on the ground. Stop lying to me already Oyabun! I went and got it late last night! See? "I went and"- What? I'm sorry! After everything, I really wanted to be able to show Ninjin the Sennen-Zakura So I went to where the Sennen-Zakura was with Piiman and Tamanegi. Are you okay? We're fine! Don't worry! Yosh, let's use this! I'm sorry, but please just let us have this one branch. Someone's coming! You guys, hurry and climb down! We don't have time to climb! You take that branch and go on ahead! No, hurry! We're fine, we'll come home as soon as we can! Just go leave it outside Ninjin's house. So we don't get caught! O-okay. Hurry! I see. And after that, you brought the sakura branch here? I'm sorry W-wait a sec. So that means that the real sakura thieves It wasn't Piiman or Tamanegi. It wasn't me either! So the real thieves are the guys who arrived after you. This is bad, Oyabun! Before we came here I went to Piiman and Tamanegi's houses, and they weren't there! So that means that they Don't worry, leave it to us, we'll deal with the rest! Oh, Aohana-sensei! Take good care of Ninjin! What? Oh, Aohana-sensei, good timing! Look after Ninjin for us! Y-yeah. Oi, Oyabun! Are you sure this is okay to do? Yeah, this has to be it! Just hurry to the dock! W-what's gonna happen to us? I'm scared So how's that? I bet you've never seen such a great sakura tree! The rare item getter who obtains everything he wants in the world, Foxy the Silver Fox. Of course, Brother Buggy. This fits perfectly into my collection. It is the best in the entire world, after all. You have some good business connections When this is over, my wonderful show will begin! Now how about you give me my 10 million ryou-beri? ryou: unit of currency in Edo-era Japan I don't have any money. WHAT?! N-n-none?! What d'you mean?! Do you know how hard it was for us to get it here?! Are you just messing with me?! No, I do have a lot of money. With such a great sakura tree, I'll be able to make even more money. But I'm not going to give you any of my money. What?! Putting me down so flashily Men! Prepare a Buggy Ball! We already have! You'll regret that. Oh, that's Thanks for waiting for us here. Where's the sakura? The far side of that island. It seems to be on a large ship. Such a wonderful sakura tree Perhaps it's going to be brought to a far-off country? So now you know about this. You should hurry and go. There's lots of people around here, and there's probably lots of people there. We should make sure to do this so no one sees us, Oyabun. Let's go and check it out. Thanks! Huh? She's gone! She really is pretty weird! Oh well. Let's go! W-wait, Oyabun! Oh well W-h-y y-o-u This is the power of my noro-noro no mi. Noro-noro no mi: Slow-slow fruit It must be one of the weirdest powers you fools have ever seen. Don't worry, you'll be able to move in 30 seconds. Well, it won't do to have you over here. Let's get you more in the middle. See, like that. W-h-a-t? What? Something's happening. I hope Piiman and Tamanegi are okay Ossan, thanks. You can go back alone. I'm sorry for not bringing you any farther. How does it feel to be hit with your own men's attack? You bastard! I won't forgive you for this! Get him! Hippos The Japanese word for hippo, "kaba", is simply a reversed version of the word for stupid, "baka", making this a pun. Noro Noro Beam! Boss! That surprised me! Oi, you okay? Oyabin! You What's with you guys? Ah! The sakura! Are you the sakura thief?! What? Coming and destroying my ship, And now you dare ask me that? Who are you? I'm Strawhat Luffy. A detective! Let's do this, stupid! Stupid What's he doing? He's really depressed But more importantly, Oyabun. There's someone here we already know. Buggy! You again? Give back the sakura! What? What're you doing? He's slowed down from the power of my Noro Noro Beam! Be careful, Oyabin! He has a really weird power! Piiman! Tamanegi! What's with him? He took till now to go flying? I'll do the same thing to you. My name is Foxy. I'm the man who gets everything he wants. A detective like you shouldn't get in my way! Noro Noro Beam! Oyabin! I don't care if you're a detective or not, you're a thousand years too early to stand up to me! But you brought a lot of trouble with you Maybe I'll take 'em out with the cannon. Like I'll let you do that Oyabin Just shut up Damn I was trying to sleep Brother! It's morning already? Oh yeah. I was at the Hana-Mi. Oi, where is this? Why are you there? The sakura tree got stolen last night. This isn't where the Hana-Mi is! What? Well, who did it? Give back the sakura! Yeah right! He stopped in midair? Dammit Hissatsu! Hissatsu: Sure Kill Kayaku Boshi! Kayaku Boshi: Gunpowder Star Idiot. Damn Oi, was it you? The one who ruined the Hana-Mi festival They just keep coming All of you stop it! You're the one who needs to stop! Gomu gomu no It's been 30 seconds? I've had enough of this Double Noro Noro Beam! Bara Bara Festi- Bara Bara: Split-split He deflected it with his katana? Stealing everyone's fun I'll never forgive you! I'm the one who'll never forgive you! You did horrible things to me! Don't be silly. It'll come back soon. What will? My right hand. Jitte! Jitte: short metal truncheon (Luffy's weapon) He really went flying far! Oyabun. What should we do with him? You really are stupid. What'd you come out to do this time? I'll just deal with you now! Gomu Gomu no Jutte Randa! Jutte Randa: Ten Hands Pummelling; pun with Jitte (alternate pronunciation) Yosh, let's head back. Yeah. You coming too, Brother? Thank you very much! Weird He should've been cured with that many Ninjin! Ninjin! Oi! Oi! We brought it back! The Sennen-Zakura! Isn't it great? This'll make you all better! Hurry so we can play together! Idiots. Worrying about me Yes, thank you. And another. Thank you! I'll get better soon! What? He's okay? Did the medicine finally work? No This must be medicine too! If I had been expecting a spirited man, I would be disappointed. Did you lose all your power after that attack? If you want a spirited battle, I'll show you Another strategy! Next time on One Piece: If I Don't Win I Can't Protect Anyone! Gear Third Activates I'm gonna be the pirate king!