Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! If you really want him to go with you The only method to choose is To use force to get him. That's the only method for his release. Goodbye my Lovable Followers! Franky Departs Put on your pants! Pervert! He destroyed the city again! Get out of here, pervert! You idiot! Give back my pants, Strawhat. Then, be our nakama. Don't be stupid! Don't think just because you got my pants, you can make me your nakama! What kind of man is that who, even naked, faces straight the countless waves as it would be a lion! He decided to pose with his lower half exposed! Don't look! It's the worst! He's the worst! I took him lightly! How determinated! He's a man inside a man! He's just a pervert! If I might get a little rough Can I give a hand? Now that you say it, Ice-ossan also said he won't come if we don't use force. But, how? Dos Fleur Grab Eh?! Wait a sec, Robin! They have been grabbed! They'll be smashed, Robin! They'll be torn off! They'll be taken off! Just like an orange! An orange?! Oi, Robin! I want him to be still a man when he becomes our nakama! Don't take them! It hurts just by looking! What's going on? Franky is taking damage! It's a scream like when a chicken's head is being tied up! I feel bad for him. Even though he's a pervert. Just like when a treasure is in front of a pirate and he doesn't want to let go. If I don't receive a good reason, I'm not letting you go. T-that's why! I told you I can't leave this island I'm grateful to you guys But that's something impossible for me to do. I want to go with you but There are still things I must do here. That's why I gave you the ship. I quit being a shipwright to begin with. That's why, that one is the only ship I'll ever build again. I had only one wish And that is.. the dream ship over there! Wait, Franky That still hasn't become the dream ship you talked about. Dream ship? That's right! That ship won't be one that will be completed just with the blueprints. It'll sail many seas! Overcome many battles and difficulties And when it reaches the end of the sea That's when it'll be called a dream ship! Then, someday, when I complete that awesome ship, I'll board it and become its shipwright! I'm looking forward to see that fateful day! By then the ship might be all worn out but, Surely, it'll shine much more than any other ship out there! How is it? Amazing, isn't it, Tom-san? Yes, it's amazing. And if you get on it and take care of it You will have surpassed me! It's that pirate blood of yours. Bakanky, do you really think you can surpass Tom-san? What was that?! Bastard! What're you doing?! Damn Bakanky! What, if you're a man do it with a Don! The things I wanted to do have changed! The things you wanted? You're wrong. You now, have done everything you had to do in this island. Atonement! That day You blamed yourself and regretted for the capture of Tom-san. But Tom-san has already forgiven you. Showing you a new path. Ships that do such a thing Are no longer my ships! It's the first time Tom-san hits Franky. What are you doing?! "Those are not my ships" you say? You must never say that! What's wrong with saying it?! I deny them! If I wouldn't have made those ships, no one would have been harmed. No matter what ship you make It's not good and neither evil From now on, it doesn't matter what kind of ship you make Even if the invented ships hurt others, even if they destroy the world! Their father must love them! Their creators must not deny them! Don't blame the ship! If you build a ship As a man be full of pride with a Don! You collected thugs from the backstreets, Made a name for yourselves as bounty hunters, Protected this island from plunderers, You protected everything Tom-san loved in this Water Metropolis, Everything to atone for your guilt. You might not see it from that point. Of course I don't I didn't intend that in the least. You stopped making those ships you liked, to keep living. Do you plan to keep doing that from here on? Even though Tom-san has already forgiven you, Even though I have already forgiven you, It won't change anything, right? It is time To forgive yourself, Franky! Live for your dream now! A bag? It's the luggage for your trip, Aniki! Move it you! Ah! The Franky Family! Aniki! Banigi! Those guys! Aniki, please forgive us for everything! We're really sorry! Really sorry! We're prepared to take any punishment. We're idiots, so! This was all we could plan! What were you planning?! A way to steal my pants?! A way to turn me into a pirate?! Don't butt in! This is my life! I'll decide everything! Does the way you, my followers, are making me walk delight you?! It's shameful! If you thought this through, You shouldn't have in the first place! There's no excuse but Is it bad if we care for you a little? For the one who picked us up when were just plunderers Is it bad if we care for your happiness?! Who's the idiot? You guys A-Aniki. Oi! Robin! Please don't overdo it! I beg of you! He'll turn into a woman! He's crying! They'll be torn off! They'll be taken off! Just like a bunch of grapes! Grapes?! Damn it, Nico Robin! I won't forgive you! They'll be torn off! They'll be taken off! Just like an apple! Apple? It hurts so much that I can't stop crying! Robin! You're not doing anything? All I did, was just start this. He sure is clever. Blaming the pain for those tears. Just start it? Damn! I can't stop crying! Haven't you found them yet?! Don't let them get away! Keep searching for them! It hurts! It hurts! I can't stop crying! Aniki! Are you okay?! There's no way I could be okay! It seems you haven't noticed What's with this speedo guy? You shouldn't show up in these backstreets. Get him! What?! Don't mess around! Quite a strength you have. More than a thug deserves. What the hell are you?! Zanbai! This time, the backstreets of Water Seven will be controlled by Franky! It's a pleasure! Y-yes! Aniki! Ah! This is good! We should come again. It's a bro who goes outside in a speedo. Would you like to have a drink with us? We'll show you the way to the bar. W-what're you doing?! Let go of us! Little girls shouldn't drink sake during daytime! I happen to know a nice store where we can drink some good cola. How about it? Would you like to? Aniki! Aniki! Foodplease All the guys who haven't eaten, follow me! Rampage all you want! It's the raising of the Franky Family! It's the raising! It's the raising! Of the Franky Family! Of the Franky Family! Franky! Franky! Franky! You If I'm not here, how can you survive? Aniki We'll test our strength with new tasks in Water Seven! And show we can definitely succeed! Please be at ease! Aniki, don't cry! Aniki! Even if Aniki goes far away We will always be your followers! Aniki! I can't stop crying! Hurry! This is bad! Luffy! Zoro, Sanji. We're in big trouble! Your grandpa came back, Luffy! He's at the opposite coast making arrangements to attack and is looking for us! Eh?! Why?! He decided to not capture us?! How should we know?! Hurry up and prepare to leave! Franky! Bastard, you're not wearing your pants yet?! Well then, get on, Franky. On my ship. Stop talking so cocky! The only repairs you amateurs are capable of, are cheap ones. If there isn't one shipwright in this splendid ship I would pity the ship. It can't be helped. I'll give you a hand! Your ship's shipwright Will be the great Franky! Alright! A new nakama! Alright! Aniki! Don't cry! Don't cry! Strawhat-san is a man of trust! Tom-san I'mleaving this island Hey, please show me some pirate ship blueprints! Why're you laughing?! Tom-san, can't you sleep? Are you doing something? This is the hope of the island. Hope? I was nothing but a troublesome student, however Did you hear, the news from scrap island?! Tom workers finished the sea train, you say?! Thank you for looking after me! Galley-La head shipwrights. Iceburg, I'm counting on you! You also were a troublesome student Old lady Kokoro Little ones Yokozuna Pervert! Lively townspeople Where are you going?! You'll come back, right?! My little sisters Sodom. Gomorrah. And My beloved followers! I'll leave for a while! Put on your pants. Eh?! Usopp is coming back?! Really?! Alright! Yosh! We're going back right now! Wait, you two! If he comes back, The one who won't forgive him, is me. Next time on One Piece: Departing the Water Metropolis! Distinction of the Manly Usopp's Duel I'm gonna be the Pirate King! Looking forward to next time.