Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Sogeking! We're out of time! Jump down from there! Usopp! This can't be happening OI! USOPP! You called? You were alive?! You guys didn't even try and catch the hero who risked his life to jump down?! Idiots! On the other side of this bridge there's a convoy ship You think that's our ticket out of here? Stealing the boat seems to be the only way to escape. Franky Hentai! Hentai: Change form Franky Centaurus! Wait! You're surely pushing your body past its limit. Your body is hardly able to withstand it! You aren't very smart; You're shortening your life itself! It's better than having everything taken away from me! I'll do everything I can! You wish for too much! Rankyaku! Let's see how far you will go to achieve your silly hope of saving everyone and escaping safely. WHAT THE HELL'RE YOU DOING?! Through the fog! There's something there! Oi, you guys! Don't run! Wait! No Look at that! They're here! They're finally here! A fleet of battleships The Buster Call has begun! If I Don't Win I Can't Protect Anyone! Gear Third Activates I repeat: Our target: The pirate "Strawhat Luffy" and his crew; approximately 60 people! Destroy everything on the Island of Justice, Enies Lobby! O-Oi! Oi, look, all of you! Don't run away! Look, the battleships are just ignoring this bridge! It's 'cuz I'm here! My father said that too! "Even that attack that hit everything passed me over!" For now, leave the bridge where the criminal Nico Robin is. Oi, look! We're safe here! All 'cuz I'm the leader of CP9! This is crazy O-oi, you I can't stop shaking. Invoke the Buster Call. Begin the attacks. The target is the entire archaeology island of Ohara. Eliminate all of the devils of Ohara! In the name of Justice! Buster Call A merciless, uncaring attack Everything will be destroyed By the hellish flames. A tragedy Yet again! Hurry, you two! Move quickly! Don't act so high and mighty, idiot! When you speak like that, it hurts my wounds. Perhaps you could carry me more gently? Don't be stupid! You were completely out of it when we started. But I'm the leader, who commands all in a thundering voice, And I've been seriously wounded! All of my ribs are broken! All six! You have more than that, so you're fine. You're really annoying. Anyway, would you like to know the secret of my new weapon, Kabuto? I'll explain! Sogeking's weapon Kabuto is- Shut up or we'll make you walk! Please don't, my ribs are broken. A-all ten You have more than that. Then twenty? Thirty? How about 100? More than that! You're lying! This is the attack? I guess the marines finally got started. Cool, cool! An attack, an attack! This isn't some sort of festival But where's Luffy? Well, pirate-neechan, That door we went through back there, Pirate-niichan broke it down! Luffy did? It was cool! Even though he turned chibi. Chibi? Luffy did? This? Gear Third! Wow Yosh! I'm going! Why are you chibi?! Gear Third? Breaking a steel door, turning chibi, what's going on? Sounds pretty interesting! Yeah, baachan! Pirate-niichan's so much fun! I don't get it Anyway, let's hurry. Baachan, I can hear something up ahead. If we go ahead, then we'll probably find out what it is. We can't just be stopping here! No matter what happens, we gotta keep going! Let's go with a don! Baachan's so cool! That's Water! What's going on?! Why is there water? Why? Why?! There's nowhere to run! Someone help! Whether or not anyone was in the tunnel, there's no longer any pathway here. Why you! This tunnel is underneath the sea as well. Bastard! Here, we're above sea-level, so the seawater won't reach us. Can you hear them? The sounds of the battleships' attacks. What happened to the pirates? What happened to Nico Robin? You must be worried. If you wish to go save them, you can go. I'm not taking my eyes off you. No matter what's happening right now, they'll survive. But if I run from you now, you'll go and kill my nakama! So I'm not taking my eyes off you. The attack's starting. By the way, I've been hearing these weird sounds for a while Shut up, you! Hurry! Ow ow ow This weird presence You two may have already gone ahead, but I've been feeling something strange This sound must be- OI! Wait! More of my bones just broke! Wait, you! Every one of my bones is broken! What's gonna happen? Not now, just run! Such a capable leader If only a certain idiot could have heard your words. But will you be able to hold to that? Even if you die, the outcome will be the same! Hey! Go and capture Nico Robin already! When this is all over, I'll be the world's hero. Even the Buster Call sees how great I am and is avoiding me! Shigan! Rankyaku "Hyoubi"! Hyoubi: Leopard tail Can you defeat me? If I don't win I can't protect anyone! Gomu Gomu no Rifle! Tekkai "Utsugi"! Utsugi: Deutzia (a type of shrub) Kamisori. Kamisori: Razor You did well to stand up to the World Government. But it seems that you, like all other pirates, are simply unable to stand up to me in battle. Gomu Gomu no Pistol! Tobu Shigan Tobu: Flying Mittsu Bachi! Mittsu: Three Tobu Shigan "Hi Bachi". Hi: Fire If I had been expecting a spirited man, I would be disappointed. Did you lose all your power after that attack? If you want a spirited battle, I'll show you Another strategy. Gear Third. Hone Fuusen! Hone Fuusen: Bone Balloon Bone? The power moves from one bone to another Watch! My left hand Is the hand of a giant! If you're trying to intimidate me, stop. Gomu Gomu no Tekkai. Gigant Pistol! W-what is that? There is no way that justice will yield against evil! For example, if there were a soldier who didn't protect those he was supposed to, That alone is a crime. Everything is in the name of justice! Up until now From now on! Next time on One Piece: The Horrible Past! Dark Justice and Rob Lucci I'm gonna be the pirate king!