Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Demonic spirit Kyuutouryuu Kyuutouryuu: Nine-sword style Asura. Amanedachi! You did well. Suffering is good On the path to carnage. Asura Ichibugin! Ichibugin: One Mist Silver Gear Second. Jet Whip! Soru! Shigan! Gomu Gomu no Tekkai! Jet Bazooka! Get Robin! Leave it to me! You still don't get that it's useless?! How many times have I told you?! You don't have any more hopes left! I can't move from here. Everyone is going to come save me! Spandam's Surprise! The Hero who Stands on the Tower of Justice Oi, look at that! That's the first time I've seen it! You're right! I've never even heard of it happening The Gate of Justice is fully opening! It's to let the battleships from headquarters through! It's for the Buster Call! Kokoro-baasan said that the gate never opens all the way What's going on? What's a Buster Call? The Strawhats started a war against the world They're going all this way to destroy them? Dammit! Please don't die, Aniki! Live and come back! Strawhat! Franky will take care of Robin. I was careless. I didn't think he could have this much power It seems you're breathing harder now Is that because of the steam? If I can beat you, it doesn't matter. Of course How stubborn. I need to make it! Don't go yet, Nico Robin! What an idiot! All of that resistance was futile, stupid woman! Now stand up! Come on! And it's just over there Causing so much trouble Guards, outside! Yessir! Gate of Justice guards! Marine Headquarters convoy ship soldiers! Presently, the leader of Cipher Pol Number 9, Director Spandam, Is escorting a very dangerous criminal across the bridge, from the Tower of Justice. All troops line up and salute! Yessir! Look, they've already prepared the ship. There's nothing left in our way. Oh yeah, Nico Robin. I have some good news for you. On the top of the stairs we just climbed, I set a land mine. So, if anyone tries to make it here, "Boom"- and they'll get blown up. Well? Isn't that great? But there's no need to worry. There's nobody who can even make it to the stairs But I Won't go through the gate! They said they would save me Nobody's coming, stupid woman! They'll all get caught up in the Buster Call's flames and burn to death! It was shameful that the pirates burned down our sacred flag, So the Buster Call will eliminate them! Just like that marine giant who rampaged on Ohara 20 years ago. Now, move. Walk on your own two feet! Why you Director, please hurry! I know, shut the hell up! I'm the hero! You I bet you think I don't know anything, don't you? The misconduct of former Vice Admiral Jaguar D. Saul Your mother Olvia What happened on Ohara I know all of it! Are you wondering why? Because I was told. The one who went to Ohara, the land of the demons, Who exposed their crimes, Who sent off the signal for the Buster Call, Was the Director of CP9 at the time. It was my father, Spandine! Now, scholars of Ohara With this, your death sentences have been decided! Get rid of him! Professor! Ohara Knew too much. Buster Call! I'll leave the rest to you. Now go, Saul! Alright. No! I'll stay here too! Okaasan! Okaasan: Mom Okaasan! I'm so happy you called me that Thank you. From now on For me as well Live, Robin! It was said that everyone died on Ohara. But the government lost sight of the brat who ran away. How was it? How many times did that eight-year old almost get killed by adults looking for money? Unable to trust any person you stayed with, With no place to sleep peacefully, With no food. I don't even want to imagine what that 20 years must've been like. It was so horrible that you're crying? The one who put a bounty on your head Was my father! All for the peace of the world! And now, 20 years later, His son is catching the last survivor of Ohara, Closing the curtain on the battle of Ohara. Ohara lost! Robin. Be proud, Robin! Your mother did well! Ohara did well! One day you will pass on this island's history, Robin! Ohara fought with the world! I'm still alive! You're going to die! C-Cutty Flam? Why was he here? Oh well. It got him. Idiot! That land mine gave him what he deserved! He came for me! But this isn't good, I'm glad I expected that. Hurry, come on! I can't say it Oi, start the ship, marines! Jump on! Y-yes, understood! We're leaving! Yessir! It's so painful the tears won't stop! This step will be the first step of the hero who will go down in history! The first- Watch carefully! This step will be the first step of the hero who will go down in history! The first- Are you alright, Director? What? Who's there? There's no one on the bridge! That's impossible! They've gotta be hiding somewhere! Look for them! Where? Oi! What're you doing? All of you! But Director, we can't find the enemy! There! Run with all your strength! If you stay on the island, you'll die! Go out to sea on my raft! This is it for me. I'm caught. Go! No! I don't know anybody at sea! Listen carefully, Robin! Right now you're alone But one day, you'll meet your nakama! Nakama? Yeah The sea's huge. One day, surely You'll find nakama who will protect you! There's no such thing as being born into this world to be alone! Run, Robin! Don't look back When things get bad I taught you. Laugh like this! Saul, look out! Ice Time. Saul! They're waiting for you somewhere; Go and meet your nakama, Robin. Live together with them. Director, there! What? Where?! On the roof of the Tower of Justice! The Tower of Justice?! What the hell can they do from over there?! What is he?! At this distance, with the wind blowing, he's managing to hit us? Who is he? Long Nose-kun! Look, isn't our sniper great? Those idiots got what was coming to them! Robin-chan, run away! Does he really need to sing? Bastard Director! Dammit! What the hell are you guys doing? Hurry and kill him! We're trying to! But our bullets aren't reaching that far! And at this distance it's difficult to aim! That sniper is amazing! Nico Robin is escaping! Don't let her get away, idiots! Shoot her! Yessir! Shoot her to death, without killing her! What? Fire! Who is that?! You I'm fine, I'm made of steel. Your landmine didn't work, Spanda! Franky-kun, Franky-kun. This is Sogeking. Huh? This Denden Mushi I got it from Nami. But more importantly, there should be a red cloth bag near you. Red cloth? Yeah, there is! There are two keys inside. Combined with the ones you already have, that should be all. All the keys?! They arrived. Good. We should hurry. Number one Number three No Number five! It worked! How can that be? T-the real keys?! Oi oi, hang in there. But that means You guys beat all of CP9 who were in the Tower of Justice?! No, that's impossible! You probably stole them and ran away! Dammit! This is Franky! Oi, Long-Nose! Nico Robin's handcuffs are off! Yosh! Long Nose-kun, thank you. You should wait to give your thanks to the ones who got the keys when all this is over. You are, without a doubt, Luffy-kun's nakama! Remember that, and go! Seis Fleur Slap! Now I can do this as much as I like. Director! Yosh, you guys hurry and get over here! I'll get everything ready to leave! Got it! Hurry and come down, Sogeking! No! The criminal's sea-stone handcuffs are removed! Recapture her! Just like I planned. What? I just heard something You can save them all? Will you show me how well that will work? Next time on One Piece: Robin Saved! Luffy vs. Lucci: The Peak of the Decisive Battle I'm gonna be the pirate king!