The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Singing from our hearts. Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Oh, I've got it! What? We can If I'm here, we can save Robin! Dammit! "Dammit?" Can't you do this without getting worked up? Let's hurry, Nami-kun! How many times have I told you? You don't even have a shred of hope left! We heard a voice earlier, but nobody's gonna come! Lucci's taking that guy down right now! It seems we don't agree. It doesn't matter what you do. I don't have time for this Gomu gomu no gatling! Stamp! Muchi! Muchi: Whip Yari! Yari: Spear I'm a wolf! I'll chase you down 'til I catch you and eat you! What, you were alive? I don't intend to run I don't intend to be killed I don't intend to forgive you. Forgive me? You're doing that for Nico Robin? That kind of feeling's only gonna get in your way in a fight. If you've got the time to pity that stupid, hopeless woman, You should think of a way to get out of here alive! Be careful what you say When I get mad, I heat up This is the same power as the devil. Diable Jambe W-wait! Flambage Flambage: Flaming Shot! Cooking is a gift from the gods Spices are a gift from the devil. Looks like it was a little too spicy for you. A Furious Attack of Drawn Swords! Zoro vs. Kaku: Powerful Slashing Duel Onigiri! Onigiri: Demon slash The giraffe and the marimo Are they trying to collapse this tower? This is "Gate of Justice" If I follow this, can I get there? Nami-san probably already went to where Robin-chan is. I need to hurry and get this number one key over there too I should go. Hurry and come on! We're finally here on the Bridge of Hesitation! Look, Nico Robin! Do you see? The Gate of Justice is opening. It's taken a long time It's really taken a long time! But I finally made it! Once I pass through the gate, I'll be the government's- No, the world's hero! The bridge leading to the gate itself is being raised now. It's waiting for the hero! Wonderful! Just look at this path to a brilliant future! Well, to you it's more of a path to hell. Isn't that what you think? Nico Robin! Oi, what? Ow Oi, wait! Why you Stop this now, dammit! You still don't get it? You can't get away! Do you know who I am? I'm the world's hero. The world's hero! There's no hope for you! I'm completely different from someone as horrible as you! I'm a man full of hope and dreams! Do you understand, you stupid woman? Stupid, stupid, stupid! Luffy Everyone Everyone! Hurry, hurry! There's no point if I don't make it in time. What's that? All ships confirm your positions. Yessir! Come on! Walk! Let's go, Nico Robin! Is this the exit? You- Strawhat! Franky! Bastard, why're you here?! Now's not the time to be mad at me, idiot! I'm on your side for now. Just give it up! Lucci's here? Are you having trouble with him? Where's Nico Robin? I brought two of the keys. You need help? No More importantly Please stop Robin! You can get to the Gate of Justice through the door behind pigeon-guy! Robin already got taken through! I'll take care of him. Just leave it to me, bastard! If you asked me I'd tell you that I prefer meat! I already said I don't care, herbivore. But for now I've gotta get your key. If I don't make it in time, it's the same as losing. Nitouryuu Nitouryuu: Two-sword style Nigiri. Nigiri: Two slices If you wear that bandanna, are you more powerful? I dunno. Tourou! Tourou: Climbing a tower Outourou! Outourou: Reply climbing a tower Hirameki! Hirameki: Flash Samon! Samon: Sand figure If you're in the air, you're done for! Kama Kirin! Kama Kirin: Scythe giraffe Tekkai "Mushikaku" Mushikaku: No weak spots What?! Even though I'm a "cube," I have no "weak spots." Both "cube" and "weak spots" are pronounced the same way (shikaku), so this is a pun. Shut up, what the hell're you doing?! How naive Haven't you realized? What? Giraffes have four legs. Rankyaku. Are you even trying to fight?! Where are you looking? The attack has already begun. The attacks will bounce off the ceiling, and rain down Kiri Shigure! Kiri Shigure: Giraffe autumn rain Tekkai. Throwing attacks around Shit! I can't block! Bigan! Bastard What a strong man. I'm surprised. I've trained, Giraffe-Jar. This entire conversation is a pun on Kaku's bizarre speech patterns, and it unfortunately loses most of its humor when translated. Giraffe-Jar? I'm a giraffe. Giraffe-Jar. No, I'm a giraffe! Shut up! "Giraffe-Jar", "I'm a giraffe" It's just annoying, it doesn't matter which it is! You'll pay for insulting me. And you should prepare yourself. Playtime is over. First, that "tekkai" I'll break it! That's pretty funny. You'll break tekkai? Can you do that? Yeah, of course. Should I try? Ittouryuu Ittouryuu: One-sword style Iai Iai: Sword style in which one draws their sword, attacks, and then sheaths the sword, all in one motion. Shishi Sonson! Shishi Sonson: Lion song Rankyaku Roudan! Roudan: Dragon cut Could you have cut it if it was steel? I'm the one who decides whether or not to use tekkai. Really? Then I'm gonna have to go about this differently. Ichi Gorilla Ichi: One Ni Gorilla Ni: Two Now, come. Santouryuu This time it's a test of strength? How interesting! Bigan! Ni-Gori Zake! Zake: Slice What a powerful attack! Talking like that from such a high place You didn't even consider that you could be defeated too You're too full of yourself! You are as well! Gomu Gomu no Gatling! Kami-e. Gomu Gomu no Pistol! Soru. Strawhat! Rankyaku. Weapons Left! What? Gomu Gomu no Rocket! What? Gomu Gomu no Bazooka! Strawhat! Yosh. Just don't move! Wait! Don't do anything stupid! Just go! I told you I'd take care of him! Take care of him? Aren't you being stupid? Let's just work together! Franky! This guy's my opponent. I have to defeat him! I'll say it one more time: You hurry and go to Robin! And please stop her! If you don't, Robin will be gone! If we don't get her back, we'll lose her! You Stop, Sea Train! Give back Tom-san! Impossible. I won't let you escape. Strawhat Hurry! GO! You Got it! Didn't I say I wouldn't let you escape? Geppou! Soru! What? Shigan. I already told you I'm your opponent! You still haven't seen A giraffe's full potential. Enough talk. Show me. You don't need to tell me. Watch the power of a giraffe carefully Kirin Houdai! Kirin Houdai: Giraffe cannon There's no giraffes like that. Kyoku Bigan. Kyoku: Extreme Kiriman Jaro! Kiriman Jaro: Giraffe-man fire oar, also a pun with Mount Kilimanjaro It stretched?! I shouldn't even have to tell you But that long neck of yours is your weak spot! No it isn't! Rankyaku "Neji Hakujin!" Neji Hakujin: Screw drawn sword You're the one who has weak spots. What the hell kinda animal is he? This time you won't escape. Kirin Houdai! Oh no, I pulled my neck in too far so my legs stretched out! What the hell is with your body?! Just like wheat being turned into pasta in a pasta machine! Pasta Machine! Don't name your attacks now! A long neck is nice, but there are many uses for long arms and legs as well I'm an expert at taking even the most unexpected of situations and using it to my advantage! Watch! The attacks I can use with this new reach Kiriman Jaro! Was that all you could think of?! This is too much talking Santouryuu Tatsumaki! Tatsumaki: Tornado Tekkai! Such power Soru! Geppou! He jumped to the floor above? Pasta Machine! I've made you wait. My neck as well as my limbs If I can control all of their reaches at will, I can fight as I like. I'm a yontouryuu user! Yontouryuu: Four-sword style Like this, I can use the giraffe's power to its fullest! You'll have no chance of winning! Even if giraffes are the most powerful Even if you can fully use that annoying neck Even if you are a yontouryuu user What? He stopped my swords? You still have no chance of defeating me! You're so full of yourself Kyuutouryuu! Kyuutouryuu: Nine-sword style Next time on One Piece: Fierce God Zoro! The Incarnation of Asura Shown by his Spirit I'm gonna be the pirate king!