GO!! GOAL! GOOAL! GOOOAL! Which bright victory for the team of the straw hat! SHELLY!! Pa-not-believable… That which the captain Monkey D. Luffy wants… is the adored horse of Tonjit, Shelly! What is this that it has at the head? I recovered Shelly for you, Ossan. Friends… You will be together from now on. Afflicted… and thank you. Then it was for that. I imagine that one could not make differently. Chopper! Does my decision pose a problem to you? Absolutely none! Chopper. Do not worry you one controls the situation! Serious, is necessary for you that stop you playing it to you… I wonder what will resemble the next play. Is necessary to hurry, one must go there. One must bring back Chopper as fast as possible! THIRD ROUND! THE INSANE RACE TO ROLL! Shelly do not make any you, all well will happen. I rely on them. Radishes and mochikinchaku, two of each. That comes. Bring back to me the pillar No 65! Accelerate the rate/rhythm! Where is the planer?! The next test seems interesting. Interesting? And poor Chopper in all that, you think of him Robin? It is true, I am sorry. Ouais me, they are good… Finally it anything is compared with these who foutent themselves some royally. Oh! You too nice are equipped like that! Is that there, you are ready? What do you eat, Luffy? An extra-long kiwi. It is Ossan which gave it to us, they are delicious. In will not have you. I do not want any! Mellorine! The third test is the race in rollers, “Roller Around”. This test will proceed in 5 handles. The rules are simple, With the first whistle, a Point-Getter from each team the race will begin. After 20 seconds, the whistle will resound again to allow Defenders to spring. Defenders will be able is to attack, either to defend, all is allowed. To gain a sleeve, it is necessary that the Point-Getter that is to say at the head of the race at the end of 5 minutes. Even the smallest variation will be accepted to gain the victory. With the fact, me it is Itomi Mizu and I will be on the starting line to comment on you this test! Well! The two teams are about to arrive! Ok, one gains and one recovers Chopper. I count on you! Oh, here members of Mugiwara Dangers! And opposite, here the ultimate team, Foxy Devils! First of all, their foreman Porch-chan, follow-up of the Chiqicheetah skater, behind them the imposing Public garden, then the man-fish Juuren and Girarring come. Let us not forget our dear Foxy which will be coach and Hamburger the manager. This formation really deserves its title “of ultimate team”! Do Hein… you want me what? Ho… Chiqicheetah it decided to pass with the attack before the beginning of the test?! What does it have this type with renifler? This type is not only fast, it has also a hyper-developed sense of smell. Would not have eaten you something which been able? He, you ace not eaten cheese rotted from Ossan? Ah it is for that it me renifle. Thus you of puffed out ace!! What a badly high! Oust, oust! It would seem well that it found the reason. I will continue to state the rules. The coach and the manager of each team… will not have the right to intervene directly in the play, moreover, each member cannot be Point-Getter that only once during the 5 handles! Ah, it would seem that Mugiwara Dangers have only 4 players. What will one make? I do not have the choice… That does not disturb me only one of you is Point-Getter twice. On the other hand, your pride could take a blow of it… I do not like the way in which he says that. Oyabin, you are too generous! I am moved per such an amount of kindness! You are a true gentleman! Eh well, if you it known as… He really believes in these compliments cans. Head of puzzle is too naive. One would believe an actor of série B in the retirement. Iyan Oyabin, remain with us. Good, as your offer is with our advantage, one accepts it. I would have preferred to refuse, but there are not the choice. To save Chopper, one must know to put side our pride. Thank you well. But knows that a combat remains a combat, one will not lose! You underestimate me. I will explain you why I am lenient with you… It is because… the Ultimate one… One will recover Chopper! Ouais!! Oyabin! By a mutual assent, the rules were modified. Mugiwara Dangers, please choose quickly the Point-Getter of each handle. Since it is a test in 5 handles, the odd sleeves are most important, especially the first. I want to make two handles. Of agreement? Of agreement? I included/understood, calm myself and let reflect to me! If one leaves in Luffy the first and last sleeve like agreed… Ouais!! Nami-san and Ussop do not support not a too strong pressure… Robin-chan, I, could you are afflicted deal with the 3rd handle? Of course, it does not matter the sleeve which I will carry out. Thank you… wait… they also must surely think the same thing as us… what wants to say… Coach. Hurry! They is good! I finished! Luffy will be 1st and 5th, Nami-san 2nd, Ussop 3rd and Robin-chan 4th. Wait one second, why it is you who selected? Hein? It is obvious, it is because I am the coach and to manage it to you. You insane of my mouth?! Why I should follow your instructions to nut?! It is obvious, a marimo as cannot be to you coach! Keep your valves for your eyebrows, anti-mosquito incense species feeling reluctant! A last very important rule… You calm, one does not understand anything! So by chance you leave the perimeter of race or you are mistaken in direction, you will be disqualified. It is also interdict to fly or plane. I received the list, for the first sleeve, Oh, Luffy with the straw hat against Porch-chan. It is a duel between the foremen. The hostilities will be launched as of the first round. The match will begin! I am very excited, I adore these plays! Me too! Porch-chan, mets a rouste with this type! Hein? Look at to me that! It is what that? Not possible… It is complicated. What do I see? Me I saw anything of the whole! What does it occur? It doesnot can make some? According to information which I have in hand, Luffy must take part in 2 handles. Ca will be one crowned spectacle. I bet that they will give up! It will be an easy victory. What does it still hold for us? Perhaps that it will be the third the most crucial sleeve after all… Lu-Luffy… CYB3RFR34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM The two participants are on the starting line, but it would seem that a team is largely favoured. It is the moment to begin! Be to you really a case! To want to play two handles without same knowledge to patinate… It is not my fault. I did not think that it would be so hard! One is foutus, it is in ON position is damned. There are not the choice, it should be helped. They is good, the race will begin, please take seat, please. He, it is still you! If you want to still cheat, will see elsewhere, it is better for you! Since our victory is ensured, one will not need to cheat. Third test:“Around Round”! Who will gain the first sleeve? Luffy with the straw hat or Porch-chan?! With your marks! Porch-chan started in waterspout! On the other hand, Luffy with the straw hat… fact of balance! It was knocked and did not pass the starting line yet. Impressing the way in which it was knocked. These foutus machines! You will be disqualified if you withdraw your roller skates! Shit! , I wait have right need for me agripp… Iyan, my victory is assured. Defenders enter in race! He! It is dropped! Leaves from there! It is a joke?! It is what? Gomu Gomu No Fuzen! I have an idea, come with me Ussop! One has just to make it roll. Luffy blocks your breathing! It is damaged. Robin! Still a blow of this woman! Incredible. What a speed! To this pace it soon will catch up with Porch-chan! Incredible! It is the first time that I see a similar race! But opposite, it there with the surpuissante defense of Foxy Devils! The wall. It of it is magnificiently drawn! It is nothing any more but one question of seconds before it catches up with Porch-chan! Played well, Robin-chwan! Not so quickly… What a damage! Luffy with the straw hat left the race! Not that! They sliced it! You are well, Luffy?! You do not worry, my blade does not slice, it is right for the spectacle. I feel badly. The mouth opens to see…? That is badly… if Robin, Usopp or me lose, our destiny would rest on Luffy. This rate/rhythm, one is likely to leave there someone else with Chopper. The winner of the first sleeve is Porch-chan. Foxy Devils gain a point. SHIT!! THAT IS ENOUGH! GO DOWN FROM! Eh well, let us continue! The Point-Getters of the next sleeve are, Nami the navigatrice… against the man-wall the defender Public garden. I do not have the choice I must absolutely gain. For the second handle, please take seat! With your marks… That is there, they launched out! Let us see what it occurs. Public garden is too much slow! Sublime Nami does not cease a accraître its advance! What it fout this type? It is serious? But how is what it manufactures?! It has a plan? Do not be concerned with him, accelerates Nami! The second whistle is given! Robin, allons-y! What do they want us? Try to pass, if you can it of course. Our defense is insuperable. Why do they put places this defensive line from there? Since it is we who are at the head. It is what your problem, let pass to us! Pay to, does not overwork Luffy. If that continues like that, one will gain in any event. Perhaps well. What…? Say to me not that one fell asleep? I have the impression of it. But did nothing change, one is in the same place, not? Yes. Nami! Hurry! Hurry to set out again! You must take again the race! You must take again the race! Why? Why? The team of Foxy gains the second sleeve! They are largely in advance! It is not possible… They doubled us while one slept. Exactly, our team work is perfect. I really did not think only one could gain with Square. You are serious? If the team of Foxy gains again, the team of Luffy would lose this test! Their destiny will be played in the third handle… Ussop Length-nose against Speedstar Chiqicheetah! Oh not… Stop making pretense be sick! Chiqicheetah… it is a kind of cheetah. I am not likely any to gain! Not like that. Use your hips to balance you. You of ace already made front? Not tries to take my advice, rises to see. - I cannot count on him, I must find a plan. Not tries to take my advice, rises to see. Not tries to take my advice, rises to see. Like that? Not! Like that? Not! Like that? I already said you NOT! Please take seat! Loans! I must remain concentrated. I must remain concentrated. I do not have the right to ravel me, I will patinate like a patient. He! I am at the head of the race! It is fast! Nobody can compete with Chiqicheetah of pure speed. It does not even need our assistance. Shit, I am with flock! It is not possible, it already finished a turn? Why don't you take a little rest? You did not gain yet! The 20 seconds were passed. Defenders Go! Allons-y Robin! Iyan, which tenacity. He is already there. Take that! Here, am my councils and that will go. You are there almost! Still an effort! They is good! Remain Luffy upright! I feel a little moved… Luffy! Yosh! I succeeded! Hold good, Ussop! Hold good, Chopper!