The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. If it's your wish, you can just Say a spell in your chest For your hopes Our quick premonition Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Won't you come with me? We're fallen angels, We'll fire arrows into your dreams. What color shall we add Into the cobalt blue? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Surreal fallen angels, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Kibou de jumon o Kakereba Kasoku shita yokan Nanairo no onpukana de Issho ni konai ka? Bokura datenshi Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa Kobaruto buruu ni Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Shuuru na datenshi Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death sent all the people of the world out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now in the Grand Age of Pirates! You need to listen to a navigator's weather forecast. Come! The one from before Thunder Lance Tempo! No matter how strong you are, My forecasts are always right. My nakama are waiting. I'm taking your key! Chopper, it's us! Stop it! Oi, is that thing really Chopper? Why the hell doesn't he recognize us?! I don't know, but it has to be Chopper! There isn't anything else with that hat and those horns! Outta the way, you guys! He's- Franky! What the hell're you trying to do, these guys are our- I know, shut up. This is the only solution. Devil fruit users have one weakness I'll shoot him into the sea Sorry, but this is what I have to do! Coup de Vent: Strong gale Franky, you bastard, what the hell're you doing, You can't do that kinda thing to our nakama! Don't worry. We already worked it out together. You're finally free? Don't laugh, you should be regretful. A chance to kill me like you could before will never come again. World Government! Introducing Sanji the Hunter? An Elegy for the Lying Wolf Battleships are coming to attack! Get outta Enies Lobby! They're gonna start shooting! Everyone get off the island! We're gonna get caught in the Buster Call! If we stay here we're gonna die! Wait, Nico Robin! Even if you go back, the pirates will still be dead! Stop being stupid! Let's show her, Funkfreed! Just up there is Luffy Don't kill her Ivory Dart! You can't escape, idiot! Don't mess with me! Now let's go together to the gate of dreams. He's back to normal Doesn't look like he's dead. And his nakama didn't even know how to deal with him Don't you wanna save Nico Robin?! I want to! Whatever, you did take out one of CP9. Even if you did hurt me, I'll forgive you for your nakama's sake. Time to get going. No even if I hurry, how do I get to the Gate of Justice? Show the way! You guys! We found Franky! What, you know a tunnel that goes to the Gate of Justice? We know! We're here to show people! Baachan's here too. Show me where it is quick! Then I can tell you two and Kokoro what you need to do. Roger. He's unconcious, but it looks like he's okay. Don't do that, you hag! Are you even okay?! No! I've gotta go on ahead and get these keys to Nico Robin! You guys grab the deer and follow me! Yeah. Got it! Good luck, Franky! So, that's the only way to stop Chopper. Now, you take the number three and four keys, and hurry to Robin One of these might open Robin's handcuffs. If one works, call me on this little Denden-Mushi the secretary had. Got it. Hanaking: Nose King Sounds fine, but then what? Even if we save Nico Robin, there's no bridge connecting this tower to Enies Lobby. We won't be able to get back! Yeah With the Buster Call coming, we won't even have time to go back. So So we know what we have to do! Behind us is the "waterfall of death", in front of us is the "path of mystery." Which would you pick? The front, of course. So after we're all done in the tower, everyone will go to the Gate of Justice! And after that, just leave it To you? To luck! To luck?! We've Wasted a lot of time. Yes, you all have! At a time like this, how could you two just fool around?! Because he was being an idiot. Both of you are idiots! Now hurry up and get those keys! Rankyaku Sen: Line Nice job following my orders, Zoro-kun! Fight, Zoro! You guys fight too! That long neck Is your weak spot! No it isn't! I even have the ability to move it as I like. And to attack Bigan: Nose gun W-what? Just being nearby, there was that big of a shockwave? He made a square hole in the rock! That nose is even more impressive than Sogepp's! W-who the hell is Sogepp?! And stop the stupid comparisons! Yeah, but Kaku's gotten really good at using his fruit's abilities. W-wolf! I-I'll be your opponent! Don't get so worked up. You guys wanna save your nakama, right? Y-yeah, I'm gonna take your key! Take it. And go save Nico Robin. What are you I really don't like killing. I can't stand blood. Th-then I'll take the key No! Look out! Jusshigan: Ten Shigan Don't let your guard down! I'm a wolf. I'll trick you and then eat you! Usopp! D-dammit What am I doing? What a stupid mask guy! How 'bout you run around like before? You were great at that! Don't make fun of me I don't have that kinda time anymore New Weapon Kabuto Hissatsu Himawari Boshi: Sure Kill Sunflower Star What, fireworks? Usopp! Geppou! Stop! Just like I promised I'll kill you fast. It won't hurt. You were safer when you were still stuck to your shepard. But since the little lamb went wandering off alone Look Now the scary wolf's gonna eat you! This is it! Oi, let him go! Damn wolf! Don't kill him! Please! We don't need your key! Idiot! You're gonna die next! Rankyaku! Shit! Now die! USOPP! Who the hell are you?! The hunter. Die! USOPP! Sanji-kun! Sanji How did you turn back to normal? A bathtub fell down, and I was cured. It was probably from the water But more importantly, Nami-san Did you fall in love with me all over again? I wish the bathtub had hit you Hanapp: Nose + "pp" from Usopp's name Now my name's nothing like Sogeking? I-I'm sorry, Sanji-kun I I should As long as you're alive, it's fine. Everyone has things they can and can't do. Sanji You two, look outside. No The Gate of Justice is opening. Robin If that gate opens and Robin-chan goes through it We can't cross the sea through it because of the Sea King nests, And past that is the Undersea Prison and the Marine Headquarters. Robin-chan will be completely taken away from us. No Luffy didn't make it in time? Shit, I can't hit! And Robin's waiting for me Give it up. You'll never see her again. You won't be going past here. Gomu Gomu no Gatling! That isn't going to work. Come on! I said come on! We're going to the bridge! Can I make it? The number three and four keys If one of them opens Nico Robin's handcuffs that'd be great But for now, I have to stop them! Drawing Chimney, hurry up. The tower's gonna get attacked too. Wait, baachan! If I don't do this then the others will all get lost! You must've run out of luck if you're fighting me. I think you would've done better against Jyabura's abilities If you see them Tell them one thing: You're fired. Of course. No, I'm fine with you. Don't let that bravery get the better of you. Hurry! Oi, let me on! You can't! The Sea Train's completely full! Get another ship ready! Bastard, I thought you were just being calm! You mean the whole time you had yourself tied up in your own rope?! Yeah, I just took advantage of the situation. Took advantage of it?! The island's gonna go up in flames! And we all just got left behind! Yeah, but that means we got away from the marines. We don't have time for this kinda thing, Galley-La! They said something about a Buster Call Judging by how panicked they were, I'd say we don't have much time. How about Franky-aniki? And the Strawhat crew? Those guys are invincible! We don't need to worry about them! Let's hurry and get off this island! Ten battleships have set off towards the island of justice, Enies Lobby! The situation is the worst imaginable. But even in this bad situation, there's gotta be a chance hiding somewhere. Sanji Leave this guy's key to me. Changing fighters? Doesn't matter to me. I'll do what you can't do, You do what I can't do. Think carefully! Read the situation. If you're here There's gotta be a way Robin-chan can be saved! Usopp! I want to live! What I can do? Do you have time to pity that stupid woman? Oi, be careful of what you say! Next time on One Piece: The Scorching Kick! Sanji's Full-Course of Footwork I'm gonna be the pirate king!