PIRATE FOXY DAVY BACK FIGHT! ! One is there, one is there! It is very empty! It is not a giraffe. In spite of his long neck, I believe that it is a horse. A giant horse. It occurred what?! Look at… When I broke the bamboo, a spirit appeared. What is what they do? WE ARE THE PIRATE FOXY! Be not pressed, we want just a duel! Come at home, I must thank you for your assistance. Enter. Yatta! One will eat! Ah, my good old dwelling. In our village, it is habit to offer the milk of our herd to our guests. A village? Where is this village? Which herd? Why this question? Ahh! The village disappeared! And the herd with! What do you tell? In spite of your absence 10 years, the village did not can volitilize like that. Not. You put at ease, I will explain you then all in connection with my village of nomad. There must well be a little milk. Milk you ace known as? Do not forget only that not made 10 years to how be wedged you on stilts! Do you want a little cheese in the place? DO NOT CHANGE A SUBJECT!! It IS TEN YEARS OLD MILK!! It is not serious… I will benefit from it all alone. Hey! Does Ossan, it eat this cheese? Do not do anything! Of made you not. This cheese is old only 10 years. And contrary to you, Me I knew many things in my life. Then my stomach is different from yours. I swear you, the young people nowadays are so fragile. Call… a doctor… YOU SEE I HAD SAID It to YOU! CRETIN! A DOCTOR! A DOCTOR! But it is me. Indigestion. WITHOUT JOKE?! Ossan be too funny for you! Nomads? Indeed. Regularly we travel from one place to the other. Then, during these ten years… the villagers could migrate elsewhere. This island is known under the name of “LongRing LongLand” Welcome. Ah thank you. The provision of this island is in the shape of ring. The high tide floods the places less raised and the island in ten small others divides. But one day per annum the low tide takes the changing. What enables us to travel between each part of the island, thanks to the emerged passages. We use this day… to travel from island to island every 3 years. Thus you were left here during the crossing other villagers, Ossan. I like with what a not you are stupid, are the best for you! If they change island every 3 years, then that should take 30 years to them so that they make a full rotation. After being remained these 10 last years on these stilts You will as well as possible re-examine them only within 20 years. Indeed, so only… my chevaaaaaaaaal was still there. I could each year have crossed an island… And in 5 years, being joined together again with them. A chevaaaaaaaaal? Indeed. It is the most beautiful animal of this island. It is so beautiful when it gallops on the plains. Without them one cannot reach the other islands. If one tries to cross by oneself to foot… while carrying all our businesses, there would not be time to cross before the return of the high tide. Why not take a boat? We do not know large thing with navigation. Even if we use a Log Poses, it would not point on the island nearest. Because the 10 islands form only one of them. There remain to me still 20 years to be waited. You are sure? You only will feel. Wait… Is a chevaaaaaal the same thing as a horse? Ah of course, a horse. It y' has a horse well here. Oh Shelly! You awaited me? Oh Shelly! I missed you so much, you are adorable! You missed me me too? You awaited me since one crowned end of time. Very soft, very soft. You have… You had to only feel you during all this time. Thank you. I will be left never again! She says that she would like that you overlap it again. I see… The horse waited during all this time the return of Ossan. It is a faithful friend. She must really be very attached to Ossan. Super this horse is fast! I want to assemble it too! She is splendid during her gallop! Shelly, with the next low tide, we will cross the sea together. Sometimes it had to rain. Other times it snowed. And yet you awaited me. Shelly. You want to really await Tonjit-san? All your friends will follow us. Kora, wait! You are really sure? We will not return before 27 years. In more one does not even know where Tonjit left. You will find yourself all alone here. Trust me, you should come with us. Me also I will await the return of Grandfather. Do not say anything! I cannot leave a child all alone, delivered here to itself. Nannnn! Grandfather soon will return, I want to await it. Would be happy Shelly. SHELLY! Hoy hoy Shelly! You know that I do not like too much to go quickly. Ossan! SHELLY!! You are well?! I heard a shooting! Who could well send this net?! Ossan! Who could well send this net?! Now, this horse belongs to me. It is true! It is the truth! [Oyabi:Boss] This horse belongs to Oyabi! Bandage dumbs! YOU ARE WHO?!! CYB3RFR34K-ISO MUGIWARA-TEAM Bandage dumbs! YOU SUMMERS WHICH?!! Who I am? It is not sympathetic that one. You do not know who I am, band of cretins! I do not recognize you at all! I will pulverize you! He does not know me… Not Oyabi, do not worry you! He lies. He knows you, he makes right mine of the opposite. No chance that he knows it. Stop of you marrer, Hamburger! My name is Foxy. I obtain all that I want! Remember of, band of cretins! Why be irritated to you? This horse is nothing more than one entertainment! Dumb! Await Luffy with the straw hat! How you know my name?! Of course that I know you. I know all about you. Your head is put at price to a total value of 100 million Berrys, Monkey D. Luffy. A crew of 7 members only with one setting has total price of 160 million Berrys, it is not nothing. Us them Foxy Pirates, let us defy the pirates of the Straw hat with a match of DAVY BACK FIGHT! But brothel about what you speak?! Bring back your mug by here, if you want to fight! Luffy… wait a little… Davy Back Fight… it is that, the ship of presently! Where is the sail?! I know anything of it! That somebody brings back it! The navigator! One does not have any more! Captain! ONE DOES NOT HAVE any MORE! Hey! Luffy, this play… Do not accept, you risks to lose your companions! About what you speak, Ussop?! I said it to you, not to accept his play! Imbeciles! What you have just heard is the truth, Luffy with the straw hat! It is too late I has just intended it to say that it accepted my challenge! Not true Porch? Yes Oyabi, I heard it me too! You cannot move back any more now. Ouais it is impossible. Or would you be a coward who does not hold his word? OF COURSE THAT NOT! DO NOT FALL THE INSIDE! But the horse! Shelly… Your knees are weakened too much, does not force too above! Push you, the guy! Ossan! Shelly awaited me during 10 years, how can you? Calm yourself Papy! They are pirates! Davy Back Fight? It is exact! The play will begin when the captain from each crew will accept the challenge. In this moment even our captain discusses with yours. And he proposes in Monkey D. Luffy to play this play. To propose? About what do speak you? If you please fight come in bottom. Don't Hey you know what it is? It is not a combat, the “Davy one Back Fight " is a set of pirates. It is well that. It is an old play originating in the island of the pirates. It is said that it is the legendary paradise of the pirates. This play was used to reinforce its own crew… While stealing the members of the crew of another pirate. Pirates who fly of other pirates? Yes. I am surprised that pirates in ever intended to speak! Davy Back Fight is a battle for the team members. The winner of this challenge… can choose the member who interests it in the other crew. And the team member must allegiance with its new captain. By swearing it in the name of Davy Jones. If one fails… one a companion loses? It is exactly that! And if no team member interests the winner, the heart of the ship represented by the flag pirate is taken by the victorious captain! One brings into play our companions and our pride. If you gain your force will multiply… and if you lose, there will be remained nothing any more. It is a quite dangerous play. Thus… Perhaps that the crew of very with the hour when all was disordered… tried to play this play and found themselves without captain. Then you met the Pirates of the crew with Kiba. They played with us with the same play. Look at that, now it are our new companions! Yes, Foxy Pirates lives! I was the former captain of the ship in question. Former doctor. Former navigator. Former naval engineer. They lost in “Three Coins Range” with each recovery. We also took their flag of pirate. That must make the 90ème time well that us let us gain novel members, not truth? They forced you to become their companion. What returns to you so merry, band of cretins? Indeed. Now, the remainder of the crew is stray right in the middle of the ocean. Mislaid do you say? I have any to only make! It is not the sorrow to discuss. One will never accept this kind of so absurd play! Idiot! It is not with the crew to choose. In this play they are the captains who even decide them. Cry and shouts as much as you want! If your captain decides to accept this play. then you all will be forced to take part in the play! They are right Nami-san. It is a law crowned in the world of the pirates. Try to derogate from it and you will be dishonoured with life. But what that can make us well?! I prefer to die to lose my honor. It is similar for me. Ca does not go the head both?! Drop. All the men are like that. Well, then I will stop Luffy. It is useless, you waste your time. When the captains draw with the gun at the same time, it is the signal of the beginning of the play. Ca will not delay. Ca wants to say… Then it left. It is all that I wanted. Ca could be interesting. THE PLAY WILL START! Ouaiiiiiiiiis! Idiot! Why you accepted?! You do not know not how much this play can be horrible! But it is not serious if I do not lose! Then you officially accepted the challenge?! Ouais! I go you botter the bottom! One will see that! I will do it! Head of puzzle! Head of puzzle… Oyabi! Hey! Why you ace say that?! Oyabi is somebody of very fragile! It is a sentimental person… even if it does not have the air of it. Without heart! Stop of you marrer! Luffy! I know that you are furax by the way of Ossan, just like me but… One counts on you! You cannot be raised also quickly! I included/understood! I will show you who I am! Who wants bretzels?! There is also cheese, cookies, quite tender meat! And of the noodle bowls! The play soon will start! That everyone is calmed, calms itself, calms itself… Your mouth! You make a headache! That everyone is calmed, calms itself, calms itself… That everyone is calmed, calms itself, calms itself… Go, one counts all on you! Crush them! Wahh! It became super cool here! They do all left the crew of head of puzzle? It y' has some much… Excuse me, could I have 2 noodle bowls? Hey Ossan! That all the crews gather, in the calm one of course. I will announce the rules of the challenge. during a test of Davy Back Fight, can be recovered only at the time of one another test of Davy Back Fight. must immediately swear fidelity with the captain of the opposing crew. emblem once you lost it. Nami-san, I bought barbe à papa. The guy, how do you make to remain if slackened? You are still worried by this play? Here. That which transgresses these rules will be humiliated forever, and will join Davy Jones with deepest of the ocean. You swear to comply with these rules? I swear it! Now straw hat I let you choose… A part… Two parts… Three parts… Choose as much as you will want. Oyabi, you are so generous to leave him the choice. It is what that? Ca relates to the number of tests. You have the choice to carry out one to three tests. Oyabi lets you choose. The more it y' has tests, plus it is amusing. Not true? Luffy! I included/understood! Three parts! AH! WHY You ACE VOTES WITH US?! WHEREAS ONE IS ENEMY! It is really an imbecile. One will be entitled to the total challenge. The “Three Corners Range”! Davy Jones, you are pilot?! It is which Davy Jones? A pirate of formerly who was cursed and who would still live at the ocean floor. It is an old history. One can live at the ocean floor? It is what the legend says. Its boat ran and all its treasure rest with him at the ocean floor. The ocean floor must be super alarming. And all that runs in the sea belongs him. It was called “Davy”. As you can all take with the adversary. This is why the pirates call it “Davy Back” You made your straw hat choice! One will start! Ouais it left!