Translation from Japanese: Timing: The clouds floating in the cobalt blue, Kobaruto buruu ni ukabeta kumo ga Got lost and will soak us all tomorrow. Michi ni mayotta asu o nurashita It'll be fine if you just smile before the sunset. Tasogare no mae ni waraeba ii dake sa If it's your wish, you can just Negai nara chiisana mune no naka Say a spell in your chest. Kibou de jumon o For your hopes Kakereba Our quick premonition, Kasoku shita yokan Is showing in the rainbow colored music notes. Nanairo no onpukana de Won't you come with me? Issho ni konai ka? We're fallen angels, Bokura datenshi We'll fire arrows into your dreams. Yume ni ya o hanatsu no sa What color shall we add Kobaruto buruu ni Into the cobalt blue? Naniiro o kasanete ikou? Destroy the sad reality that reflects in your eyes! Hitomi ni utsutta kanashii riaru o kowase Let's raise our wings, full of warmth! Nukumori tsuki no hane o ageyou Surreal fallen angels, Shuuru na datenshi Singing from our hearts. Kokoro kara utau no sa Wealth. Fame. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Stop, stop, stop! It's dangerous up ahead! The water's gonna get us! Can't you guys hear the water?! You know, even if this tunnel did get flooded with water, wouldn't we all just drown? Zoro-kun, don't you hear the water? Yeah Seems kinda weird. Stop already! There's no other way! We just have to keep going! I knew it! The old lady and Nami are being chased by the water! The pirates! You guys, do something about the water! Gomu Gomu no Rocket! What is it this time? Something else is coming this way! You think that'll work? I'm too strong for that! Gomu Gomu no Gigant Axe! Gomu Gomu no Gigant Whip! Shigan "Bachi"! Rankyaku "Gaichou"! Gaichou: Victorious bird It sliced the steel plating? This ship's in danger! That was close, he almost sliced me in two. A Mysterious Mermaid Appears? In the Midst of Losing Consciousness That was close! Why're the battleships shooting each other? Are they stupid? But I shrunk again Third's a cool idea, and it's powerful, but the side-effect's pretty bad Well, I was big for about a minute, so I'll probably be small for a minute. I need to hide 'till I turn back to normal, or he'll kill me! Is he serious, or is he joking? Either way, he's still alive. Well, if he had died in that attack, he wouldn't be worth my time. There's the front gate! We're almost there! Hurry! Your beloved Franky was taken away, just like Tom-san! You wanna come with us? Strawhat was on that battleship, he just got blown to smithereens! Just like he deserved! Your captain is dead! Oi, oi Why're the marines firing? This is the power of the Buster Call I summoned! This is justice, Cutty Flam! Now, hand over Nico Robin. If you do that, I'll pardon you for your crimes. Why're you protecting that woman anyway? It's not like you're a pirate! The World Government devotes itself to protecting citizens like you. Do you really trust that dangerous woman, who has the blood of Ohara running through her, more than us? If you go against us, then, just like Tom T-there's no more room for my face to swell Keep that annoying mouth of yours shut! That's the Elephant Sword, Funkfreed! That thing's powerful! Okay, Funkfreed? So that they can't resist anymore Give that Nico Robin a fatal blow while she's defenseless. Take this! Elephant Chop! You He stopped it? There really is no hope for you. Dammit Funkfreed! You're an elephant, how the hell are you losing in a battle of strength?! Slice them all up! Turn your nose back to normal, elephant. Unless you want me to blow a hole in your forehead. Yeah, that's right Good job. Nico Robin, will Strawhat and the others be here? They all should be. I told you I was betting everything on them, Spanda. I never thought this day would come. If I had the power to, that day The crime has changed. For the crime of building Gold Roger, the Pirate King, a ship, The shipwright Tom will be brought to Enies Lobby. That is all. Why's that old man doing something like that? Oh well. I don't have any business with them Free the apprentices! Tom-san can't be saved We're against the World Government. There's nothing we can do. Just stay here. You guys were saved by Tom-san. If you go against them No matter how many you take out, nothing will change! Enies Lobby is the government's island of justice. There's never been a criminal who's returned from there! Is he stupid? What should we do? Are you stupid too?! We'll just let him die like he wants! It won't matter! Stop, Puffing Tom. Where do you think you're taking your creator?! I won't let you go Give back Tom-san! I wanted to rescue Tom-san, no matter what. People who knew the stories of Enies Lobby's impenetrability People who knew the size of the World Government The Strawhats ignored all of them, and pressed on. In order to save a single nakama, every one of them faced the World Government, without hesitation. It's incredible Even now, I've never forgotten Tom-san's death. I wished that I could Smash that agent's stupid face in Until it was Oi, wait! Idiot, wait a sec! Completely ruined! Just like that. Thanks to them, I finally got to. Weapons Left! I died once before! As long as it lets the Strawhats get out of here, I don't care what happens to me! Ready the ship! I'm making them an escape route! I'll help too. I'm alright now. Run with all your strength! If you stay on the island, you'll die! Go out to sea on my raft! And Saul? This is it for me. I'm caught. No! I don't know anybody at sea! Listen carefully, Robin! Right now you're alone But one day, you'll meet your nakama! Nakama? Yeah The sea's huge. One day, surely You'll find nakama who will protect you! There's no such thing as being born into this world to be alone! Run, Robin! Don't look back Live together with them. This this is different from Ohara. I have nothing to be afraid of. I'm not alone anymore! Hurry! Enies Lobby's exit's just a little further! A little further! Do your best, giants! Keep going! We can leave the island! We're almost there! Made it! How's that for the power of giants? But Three battleships! They were waiting for us! Look! They really came! But we left them tied up in the courthouse! How? Vice Admiral. Yes, take aim. Yessir. Along with your unit, give your marine code and show your ID, Then board the boat. Okay, go ahead. Good, I thought we were gonna be gone with the island Resistance is futile, pirates. If you make one move, you'll be fired upon. This is bad! I don't think they're gonna just let us through! Behind us is the burning island There's nowhere to run. Up ahead there's just guns and cannons What are you thinking about now, Paulie? I'm looking back on my life. Don't talk like that. And And? What's gonna happen next. All marines and agents have boarded. All ships, move away from the main gate. What're they doing? T-this is H-he found me Such an unbalanced technique. You must be willing to take those hits. That's the price you pay for that power. Seimei Kikan. Seimei Kikan: Life Return Kami-e Bushin. Bushin: Fighting form Shigan! If you continue these foolish attacks- I-I'm stuck! This is bad! How unfortunate. Now, in that silly form Die, Strawhat! Shigan "Madara"! Madara: Spots Change back, body! Hurry! I'm gonna get killed! The attack from before damaged my legs? It's changing, it's changing! You see? It really did hurt you! Is there really nothing to be done? If I don't do something, Everyone's gonna drown! And we just saved Robin-chan, too! Is this really it? My life It was fun, but I'm not ready to die! I won't let the last moments of the Brave Warrior of the Sea, Usopp-sama, be as he drowns! I can't breathe It hurts My vision's fading Help! It's alright. Hang in there. I won't let you die. What? What's happening? Something grabbed me! Am I dreaming? I must be It's like the sailors say As they lose consciousness, they see an elegant tail-fin Looking up, they see long, flowing hair Such a beautiful form, like in a dream Mermaid legends If this is a dream, I Don't want to- We'll go super fast! Don't you die on me! Du Du Du Du Dugong?! What is this? This Buster Call? Oi, hurry! Strawhat! Your nakama Your nakama Are waiting for you! Next time on One Piece: The Island Sinking Under Fire! Franky's Regretful Shouts I'm gonna be the pirate king!