Translation from Japanese: ADC-Heaven Fansubs Timing: Mochi Maki at The Castle. The Big Race! The Red Nose's Plot. Here, in Grand Jipang, the joyous New Year has come. Oh, how great it is. Let's quit being so busy now that the year has come to an end. Well, let's just take it easy, shall we? The new year has only just begun anyway. What the?! Did I speak too soon? There's already chaos! Move! Move! Move! Clear the road! You don't have to shout so loud like that, Onami-san. Huh? No one's walking around. Oh, that's true. The sun's already up, but it's almost like the whole town is empty. I wonder if everyone's still sleeping. Oh, please! What are you rambling on about, Sensei? Everyone's already headed to the castle. Today is Grand Jipang's one and only Mochi Maki Race day. Mochi Maki: Scattering of pounded rice cakes. If you live in this town, then you drop everything to participate. Really? Just like that? Anyway, since it's Mochi Maki, then they can't start anything without the mochi. That also means that the trust in our shop depends on this. Hurry to the castle please! Sign: For the castle Gotcha! But doesn't a Mochi Maki usually take place at a temple or a shrine? Here the Tono-sama scatters it at the castle. Tono-sama: Feudal Lord Every year people go so crazy fighting for it that some people even die. What?! He's lying, Sensei. People don't die. Yeah, but that Strawhat Oyabun You never know what he's capable of. I wonder if someone's talking about me I can see that about Oyabun, but I didn't know the people in this town also liked to eat so much. That's not it, Sensei. Everyone's trying to get the jackpot mochi, not the regular mochi. The jackpot? That's right! Within the thousands and thousands of mochis that are scattered from the very top of the castle's roof, There is just one jackpot included. And inside it, a diamond was placed. And rumor has it this treasure's worth over 10 million ryou-beli! Ryou: unit of currency used in Edo-era Japan What do you think? Isn't that great? That is definitely something we'd like to have. But how can we tell the difference between the jackpot and the regular mochi? I don't know. I've never actually seen it myself either. Hey! Do you know? No, I don't. I guess you just have to gather as many as you can and open them up. It's almost like trying to catch a cloud, isn't it? If I get the jackpot, I'm gonna buy lots of books! I wanna go somewhere with everyone from the nagaya. Nagaya: Tenement House Hey, are you open for business this morning already? Today is the seventh so I'm serving Nana Kusa Gayu. Nana Kusa Gayu: Rice porridge with Nana Kusa leaves. Japanese have special types of food to eat on specific days after the new year. Would you like a serving, Danna? Food merchants call people from their shops referring to men as Danna and women as Okusan. I guess so. Oi, Usopp! That's not fair that only you get to eat! I'm eating too! You can't Oyabun! You have to stay up there and keep watching! You can't scatter kayu, so you'll just have to wait What what is this?! Oh, here it comes! Thanks! Oyabun, once you eat that, go around to the front to keep watching, ok? Jeez. You must be busy. Yeah, well, the jackpot is 10 million ryou-beli, you know. It won't be surprising if greedy folks get ideas in their heads and try something. A jackpot that we don't even know where it'll fall How could I just stand there just waiting for it? There's a much more sure way of getting our hands on it. In other words We'll just take all the mochi before it even gets scattered from the castle! That way, we'll definitely get the jackpot. No doubt! Boys, steal them flashily! There's no way to escape on top of the bridge! Damn! And we are almost at the castle too! We don't have time to turn back, you two. Here we go, Sensei! That was close. You're pretty skilled. Onami, that was harsh Got one. Sensei, behind you! Mellorine! Mellorine! Ritchie. Why you Stop, damn it! If you wanna live, then leave everything behind Okashira, they escaped. Okashira: Boss It's too late! They'll get into the castle before we can catch up to them. Shut up! It's 10 million ryou-beli. There's no way I'm giving up. But I won't let them escape My next move is already in motion anyway. You got that?! Now you morons get outta there and get ready! Father It seems pretty festive below already. Yes. It seems that everyone can't wait. Yes, and by the way, it seems the most important thing, the mochi, isn't here yet. Yes I've been having someone look out for it But there's no word yet. Perhaps something happened on the way I'm a bit worried. Is that right? The shop keepers are your friends, right? Maybe it would be better to send someone to get them. They said they'd rather get paid more for not accepting our help with security So I just did as they asked, but I wonder if Onami-san and the others are okay Here they come. Onami, you're late! Mochi is better freshly pounded, you know. What's up with that kite? We're floating in the air. Hold on tight. They were waiting for us again, huh? Who the hell are you? Well, probably from the Buggy clan, anyway. Tako-ni-mo. Play on words: Tako: Octopus or Kite. Ni-mo: also. Ika-ni-mo: Exactly. Ika: Squid. Ika-ni-mo. On Buggy Oyabun's orders, we are taking all of your mochi. My name is Hachi. Nice to meet you. And here is one more. I'm known as Gedatsu, the Buggy clan's Martial Arts specialist! Don't worry. As long as we can have the mochi, We won't do anything to you. I'll let you down. You've gotta be kidding If we made it this far and couldn't deliver, We'd lose all trust in our shop. Do something, Sanji-kun! There's nothing I can really do in this situation Ah, save me! Oi, oi, don't move around. It's not my fault if you fall. You mochi thief! Give it up! Gomu Gomu no Idiot, don't hang onto me so tightly! Why am I falling too? Oh, I should have let go of the kite's string How careless! It's alright now. No, it isn't. The wagon! Those bastards. Look you morons! The mochi's gonna roll right into our laps. The jackpot is mine! Igaram-san. Chaka. Pell. The wagon! Yessir! Damn you, getting in the way! Who cares get them! What are you morons doing? But Okashira this heavy load on a hill is Let's rest for a bit. Stop blabbering nonsense and go after them! Oyabin-dono, are you alright? Yes. Now, we've delivered your order as promised. Thank you for your hard work. What about the payment? We get it right now, right? This job was a lot harder than we tought, so About that I.O.U. - I owe you Hey now, we don't take I.O.U.'s from the castle. Vivi-sama said that she would deliver it herself to the shop tomorrow. Wait till then. Please, excuse me. Please tell Vivi to come anytime. Those idiots still haven't given up! It's okay, Sanji-kun. Let's head over to the festival venue. We can just leave the rest to the castle staff. Hey, Oyabun. If we can't have the Mochi Maki, You'll be banned from the shop, ok? You better work hard! Okashira! They're already in the castle! Shut up, I don't care, just keep going! Here we go, flashily! Did the Mochi Maki already start? I'm late! FIXME: Background talking (I'm not sure what they're saying - SD) It's the Buggy family! They are after the mochi. What are you doing? Hurry up! Oi! Where's the festival venue? Huh? Oh, it's you! Great meeting you here. Can you give me a hand? There are some mochi thieves causing commotion inside. What?! How dare they infringe on the moshi I've been so looking forward to? Where the hell are the mochi thieves?! That way! Yosh! How dare they? Cursed idiots! That mochi is mine! Oi, oi. Not you too. Mochi thieves! I'm gonna catch you no matter what! Where's the mochi?! I won't let them tear the castle apart any more than this! Well, I know there they're headed. Leave the shortcut to me! Let's just hurry and catch up to them, Bou-san. Bou-san: Priest Oi, Usopp. Who do you keep talking to? Oh, Oyabun! What do you mean who? It's What?! He's not here. When did this happen? Anyway, I'm gonna go ahead! Jeez, he's so unreliable. Where did that Bou-san go? Where's the mochi?! O-oi Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! Ama-san dono, are you alright? Someone help! What's wrong? It's the thief! You pervert! What the hell did I do? Wait! Yosh, I don't care what you do. Just get in there! Okashira! Hold it right there, Buggy clan. I will not tolerate any more violence in this castle. Prepare yourselves. Oh? Well, well. If it isn't the princesss herself welcoming us. Sorry to trouble you! You don't know the Bara Bara fruit's ability? Bara: Split That's what you get for meddling. Oh, but don't get me wrong. I didn't come here for her. I came for the jackpot mochi. Bring that wagon from earlier here, right now! We'll do a trade. Hurry up, or else I'll break the princess's neck! Wait, we got it. We have no choice but to do as he says. Looks like the underling know better, huh? Alright! You, bring the wagon! Yeah, but the jackpot's not on that wagon. Then where is it? The jackpot mochi is No! The Tono-sama has it. Is that right? There it is. Y-you're really giving it to me so easily?! It's alright. IT'S EMPTY! Hey, so that's where he was, that big-nose. You bastard! You decieved me flashily. Buggy, look out the window, down below. Hey! Don't break the castle! Oi, Big-nose! I'm not gonna let you have the jackpot! But I told you! It's empty! I'll make you cry you bastard. Listen, below are those that have been looking forward to this Mochi Maki. And they are all gathered together. This tradition is a stimulation of the New Year's economic growth, a test of luck. Whether you win or not is up to luck, But the opportunity to test that luck has to be given equally to everyone. So I can't give that opportunity to just one person. If you want the jackpot, Then you need to go below along with everyone else, And wait for the Mochi Maki to begin. As expected from the Tono-sama. A marvelous persuasion. Hey, Tono-sama. Let's start already. If we don't hurry, Onami's gonna kill me! Hey, you insolent fool. How dare you speak to the Tono that way! Forget it! I don't want anything that cheap. Making fool of me I found something much better, Tono-sama. If I get rid of you, instead of the 10 million ryou-beli jackpot, This whole country would be mine! Now that we've come to this, I'll just blow you away flashily. Boys, ready the Buggy Special Bomb! Yessir! I'll make you regret making a fool of me. Brace yourselves! We've finished the preparation. Alrighty, then! Go ahead and fire it! It's mochi. The Mochi Maki has begun. You bastards! The jackpot may be mixed in with the ones we just shot. No, he said that wasn't necessary. You bastards, stop amusing yourselves. You're in the way. Fly away! Thank you for your hard work! You guys know what to do, right? No matter what, you have to get the jackpot! Of course! The walls of this mighty castle of alabaster, With a thousand years of history, Have three huge holes. And it's all because Hey, strawhat! If you're looking for Luffy-san, He already went down below to gather mochi. What's wrong, Igaram? Won't you throw some mochi too? This is no time for that, Tono! The walls of our proud castle have been destroyed! This has never happened before. This is a disgrace. Where is the disgrace? What?! Look, Igaram. See how happy everyone looks. A country is it's people. It's the hard work of all the people that makes the country. Just because the castle's appearance may have been destroyed a bit, It doesn't mean that the country has been weakened. As long as the people are filled with happiness, then so is the country. That's also our responsibility as well. We did run into a few problems, But in the end everyone's happy. So it's alright, isn't it? A country is it's people. It truly is. Right, Igaram? Yes, it is. But, Tono, who's going to pay for this incident? We will. That's being way too greedy, Oyabun This isn't it. Where's the jackpot? Onami, I can't eat anymore. Thanks fot waiting! I got some more! NO WAY! By the way, father, where's the jackpot? Oh, that's right. I almost forgot. Now, I wonder who's going to get their hands on this. Go! I finally got some mochi. Thank you! What the hell is this? A mochi with a seed inside? I can't eat this shit! Oh dear. He has no greed. Happy New Year! Next episode on One Piece: Kalifa, the Bubble User! The Soap Trap Aproaches Nami I'm gonna be the Pirate King!