I have the sketches of the Ancestral Weapon, Pluton! Protect Iceberg-san! Trust me. Let to me occupy itself some. Maaa, I count on you. They are so numerous. With the least forgery not, one is foutu. It is you who says that? We are not entitled to the error. Ouais. CA EXPLODE! Something of terrible occurs! Where is Luffy? Bring to me that. And us your life gives. The attempted murder of yesterday is nothing beside this evening. According to our charter, we represent justice. The secret organization Cipher pol. Number 9. I see. Thanks to Luffy, we are likely thus to enter. One sinks, of agreement? WHY ALL THIS WORLD?! I wedged myself and I cannot any more moved. I must hurry. Await me, Robin! Are shit, where parties? A couple and a small beast are only which one is sure. Do we have to protect the room? The engineers are there already. But a handle of guards would not make the poid. Let us give them a knack. It is what?! There is somebody! He moves towards the room on the third floor! All the guards are out of combat! That somebody comes please! THAT SE PASSES IT?! Tileston-san! KAKU AND LUCCI ARE JUDICIOUS TO BE THERE! On this subject WHAT?! KAKU! LUCCI! Pff, that will thus finish never. Still not of call? DUMB! It IS YOU WHO DID THAT! Which noisy character. DID YOU TOUCH WITH ICEBERG-SAN?! Check by yourself. TENKAI! Its giant bludgeon It is a joke!? WHY YOU! RELEASE ME, DUMB! You are proud of your superhuman force? I cannot move! I cannot lose a duel of force! the uncovered CP9! Their true face. Its giant bludgeon It is a joke! WHY YOU! RELEASE ME, DUMB! You are proud of your superhuman force? I cannot move! I cannot lose a duel of force! All the engineers are Need for reinforcements! SORU! They are over there! It is Roronoa Zoro! You show yourselves finally! I saw this girl presently! Chopez it! He, why Luffy is not there?! I was going to ask for the same thing Whore. In any case, one was made take in full red-handed. Since you are so malignant, finds a solution. He Zoro, what you insane? Ca is not used for nothing to run like that. Let us find Robin, and let us know the truth for all once. But they are the workmen who attack us! They are not our enemies! They is good. I use the back of my blades. OUT OF MY SIGHT! You make them super evil nevertheless! Maaa I am surprised. Frankly, I did not think you of meeting, Nico Robin here. Some share was already seen? Not. Yesterday evening was the first time. But I believe that I always wanted to meet you. I always had this research opinion in my room, like not forgetting your face. Would you like an autograph? I would be delighted. Would this be to kill me? Yes, before you do not destroy the world! Why do you seek Ponéglyphes? The government issued for a long time that the study And the decoding of Ponéglyphes were illegal. You should hold account of it. You are with the current of the existence of Ponéglyphes? To know that is not illegal. But the only person of this world able to decode these letter It is you only. Therefore the government you ace allotted a large premium since your eight years. Because you are only. You are the only one who can make revive the Ancestral Weapon! I see. You are even with the current for the Weapon. Nevertheless It would seem that organization CP9 exists indeed. Thus, you left the crew of Straw hat in order to help the government. Odd for a woman sought since twenty years, but Maaa, that does not look at me. If the Weapon is ressuscitée by the decoding of Ponéglyphes That it is for justice or not The result is the same one. To make return the Weapon in this world will not bring back peace. The world will be destroyed. The mysterious things of last should not be awaked. Yes, I am of agreement. But all this does not look at you. It does not matter my method to study the history An unknown does not have to make me morals. It is not true. To some extent, I am in the same situation as you. I have I have the sketches of the Ancestral Weapon, Pluton! Sketches of the Weapon?! Pluto is the name of old a navire de guerre builds on this island a long time ago. Engineers at the origin of this weapon of such a power Considered to be useful to create a force of countermeasure in the event of loss of control. Thus the sketches are transmitted generations in generations. The government wants them, and employs the strong manner for that. That you cooperate with them in this way Ca disgusts me. Tom, the man who entrusted these sketches to me Always worried about the girl Who escaped all alone from the incidents of Ohara twenty years ago. In spite of its low age She was this dangerous young girl who carried in her the blackness of the demons of Ohara. For this reason me, on which rests the hopes of the workmen, I have the duty to stop you! Now that the government is with the current of the existence of the sketches It would be preferable to burn them. But I cannot do that now Because as a long time as you will live, the possibility of resurection will persist! It is all that you have to say before dying? Afflicted to say that to you But even if you kill me in order to avoid the resurection Once the sketches were found, the result is the same one. Maaa. Let to me say a thing It is you who fell into my trap. CYB3RFR34K-ISO Over there! I finally arrived there. It was horrible! Good, I pass to the attack now. I will catch Robin. GOMU GOMU NO ROCKET! You do not make the weight. Hurry to give us that. You will stain it blood. Shit. I believed capacity to gain. In fact Iceberg-san had said to me to flee as soon as possible. To throw this trick and to run. Because It is a forgery! What? A forgery? What a dumb! I do not know who you are but your mission has fair. Well done for your mouths. I do not even know what you seek. Which arrogance. You believe capacity berner also easily the CP9? Even if it were a lure Now that you know too much of it, one must finish some with you. I am wedged! Shit, I am still wedged! Why it is always like that?! Straw hat. Ah, encordé! What did it arrive to you? You are well? Be to you covered with blood! You are really unforeseeable like guy! I could say as much of it! It is the third stages here! Luffy with the straw hat, would you have come to make you show? Ah, of the masks! It is you masked! It is you who had told Robin to do all that! Return to me Robin, jerks! Shit! Oi, known as something! [Rankyaku = storm of legs] RANKYAKU It split the wall with a kick! Straw hat! It is what? We have an urgency, we do not have time to chatter with you. I cannot move! Oi, attaches the other too. There are not time to fight! Yes. Ka-cha It is me. We have unforeseen in the plan. That everyone gathers in the room. Do not kill Iceberg-san yet. I repeat, do not kill Iceberg-san yet! I would play well still with you, but Forgive me, I have more important to make. What?! You hope to ravel yourself?! Not. I have another thing to make, then I shorten. Excentric-san was made beat in a blow! Impossible! Wait! It still flew away! You are well? It is nothing. I see. Straw hat, why did you come here? Everyone is persuaded that you are the culprits. Too quickly excuse me to have judged you Does not make any you. One with the practice to be persecuted. In any event, one of our companions was made have by these masked guys. It is for that I came to recover it. Is Nico Robin, it that? You manage with the combat, not true? Ouais, I am strong! Can you overcome them? Yes! Then fight at my sides! I want to burst them, me too! Of agreement. Of course! Why Why Iceberg-san should be made kill by people whom one does not even know?! It is a joke! Who are these guys?! A secret organization? My bottom, of the jerks! It is My benefactor. Why let kill the man who made ego a proud carpenter? But considering your state I You AI SAY THAT I WANTED TO BURST THESE DUMBS! IT DOES NOT MATTER IF MY BODY DOES NOT SUPPORT! I WOULD FIGHT UNTIL MY LAST BLOOD DROPS! FILTHS! RELEASE me! YOSH! RELEASE me! FILTHS! You break! I do not have anything to give you! It is damage. By where to start? You disappoint me You, who soon will die. Lucci! It is you the faulty one. It is thus because you do not have gave it to the government whereas they asked it gentillement to you. Kaku! We wanted you to leave, you and this city, without making stories. Kalifa I see that you inherited the obstinacy of your Master. Blueno, the barman. You all were Members of the government. Yes. We to dissimulate among the others was not difficult. But I was astonished by your wisdom. Then, Iceberg-san The hiding-place of the sketches of Pluto, the Ancestral Weapon Say to us, before there are other victims.