Mozu! Kiwi! Forgive my intrusion. These two women did not let to us enter. What do you foutez there, you? TEKKAI! What you want, hein?! Does Blueno, what that want to say? What do you intend to make? Small impertinent! For which you take to me?! You know with whom you rub? Usually, with the bar, you are not so sharp! It is what this getup?! You acted not as usual, hein? He! Stop, Blueno. Does Oi, that go? Seized again! How it is made if you kill it now? Do not forget our mission. Afflicted. Q - What it occurs?! Oi! They is not the guys of the building site?! What? It is him which has just struck me? For what a reason?! You behave as if you had super-capacities! Good-for-nothings, how dare you to attack my unmarried poor small?! But initially, how did you find this place? It is my secret base! It does not matter. Let us make simple… Listen well. To live here was only one cover for us. Our true identitée is agent secret world government. You must certainly know what that wants to say… And why we are there. Franky, we know already all. Cutty Flam… The other disciple of Tom, that died since eight years… It is you. I do not know how you are with the current, but cheer. At the same time, I suspected it oddly. And is this imbecile of Iceberg, it well? We killed it. Past of Franky! The day of the first departure of Umi Ressha Do not play the innocent one with us. We know already all. It is only one matter of time before making me locate. Take-that with you and leaves this island, Franky. Of Tom with Iceberg, Iceberg to you… They were transmitted. You two, come-there! I have something of important to say to you. Our long mission touches finally at its end. Now, sketches of the Ancestral Weapon, Pluto… Give them to us, Cutty Flam. Flam? Which funny of name. Is Franky, it better, of agreement? It does not matter. You hear me? I said to you to give it to us, Cutty Flam! I do not have anything to give, puffiness! What did it occur? It was too fast, I do not have anything considering. Are Oi, you well? What is this thus? What is it, Lucci? Which is this feeling reluctant part? A workshop of drawing? The perfect place for hiding sketches. Find them. It is what? Personal plates. Cutty Flam. Iceberg. Tom. These names are… And that? Do not touch! Do not touch with our memories with your dirty hands! It is there that we grew. It is there that lived Tom' S Workers, the largest carpenters of the world! Toilets 7,22 years earlier. IT WILL PUFF OUT ME! PRENDS-that! Release from there, Iceberg! Maaa! What you insane, Franky?! Cretin! Maaa! What you factories instead of me to help?! Always making dangerous tricks! The farm, that do not look at yourself Bakaburg! It is my invaluable boat of combat “Battle Franky”! Anything, destroy to me that before wounding somebody! Deal with your business! This island is a discharge! You will see! The next time, my boat of combat will be able to overcome a monstre marin! Maaa, in your dreams! To make you devour rather! I can overcome it! Maaa, you cannot! I can! Maaa, you cannot! If you are a man… Do it with a “GIFT”! Ceremony of launching finished. This robust boat was built the time of a “GIFT”! Not true, Yokozuna? We will make the completions tomorrow. Go, one returns. Ahh, I am hungry. I wonder what one eats this evening. He, await us, Tom-san! Is Franky, which the number of the last Battle Franky? Number 8. It is almost finished. Do not pack you, cretin. It is because Tom-san helped you that it is so well! You made only artillery! Close it, Bakaburg! What arrives to you, BAKANKY?! Yes, yes. Stop to you chamailler, both. But Kokoro-san, it… Cretin… Tom-san, you laugh too extremely. What is there of so funny? Ouais, another merchant ship charged with wood was done plundered by the pirates. Since the execution of the Lord of the pirates, the pirates multiplied. This city is foutue. It will not resist this era of piracy. We are submerged concern. Because of Aqua Laguna… We are obliged to make import the wood and the iron of the other islands. The trade is blocked by the sea and the pirates. The building sites which miss customers beat between them. Brawls burst. Manpower decrease. If nothing is done, Water 7 will become obsolete, subjected to the floods. The same Toilets 7 which were transformed into legend with the passing of years. It is true. And then, Tom-san did one terrifying boat of pirate. He, show me the sketches of boat pirate! Why do you laugh? Franky, of the preset sketches of pirate boats, that does not exist. If the sailors hoist a flag of pirate, then it is a pirate boat. If they hoist a seagull, it is a boat of the navy. It does not matter how you reach that point… A man must be to trust of his boat with a GIFT! Won't Tom-san, you lay down you? What do you draw? Ah, it is the last hope of this island. Hope? With this… I hope that with that, Water 7 will find its splendor. Let us lie down now. The boat of the governmental court arrives! The court? It is a mobile court. Who do they come to judge? He, wait! What made Tom-san? You push! You over there, slacken Tom-san! All is well, does not worry you. Tom-san! TOM-SAN! The construction of Oro Jackson, the boat of the Lord of the pirates, recently the construction of Oro J Like an important international crime. Tom, the manufacturer of ship, will be led to Enies Lobby… To be carried out there. It is horrible! Tom will be carried out! It is shown to have built the boat of the Lord of the pirates! Then they finally came. The whole world was persecuted by this pirate. It deserves it. Usually, to sell a boat with anyone is not a crime, but for the Lord of the pirates, it is different. Whoever having helped it in its acts… Will be regarded as dangerous… In other words, the capital punishment! Take along the culprit. Yes. Allons-y. Hurry! What there is?! Hurry! Oi, What you make?! In this moment, I… I develop the plans of a steam engine which will move on the sea with a GIFT. He, you! What you tell?! You… I would wish to put a term at this bloquage commercial on the island. Lately, population… Is made concern for this island which is inserted in the sea. The presence of Umi Ressha… Will be without any doubt, of a great utility. Excuse us. We will transferrons it immediately. Not, wait. Umi Ressha, do you say? It is a steam train which will move on rails of island in island. It will transport momentary, goods and boats, some is the weather. Each one will be able to cross the sea freely. He dreams? The rails will be destroyed by Aqua Laguna. Ouais, and the ocean is full with monstres marins! The rails will not need to be repaired in the sea. The waves will not have any effect because they will float at water surface. Umi Ressha will have only to follow the rails to travel. I also hope to create ultrasounds between the rails and the wheels in order to make flee fish. Thus, the monstres marins will not approach. It is possible, that? St Poplar, Pucchi, San Faldo. If we connect these islands enter they… They will be able to start again the trade and to make grow industry. Marvellous! The sketches are ready, but ordinary workmen do not have competences. Could Enies Lobby be connected? Well-sure that yes, obviously. When this project is finished and that we will have exceeded the ocean… The exchanges between the islands will change with GIFT. Umi Ressha is the last hope of Toilets 7! How long will that take? Ten years. Then with work. The sentence of Tom, the manufacturer of boat, is suspended during ten years in order to build Umi Ressha! Brilliant! In you to play, Tom! Save Water 7! GIFT, and I am still in life! It is not worthwhile to laugh at it, Tom-san. I was petrified, believer that your hour had sounded! With a little chance, if all occurs well, they will pass sponge for Roger. Maaa! Tom-san, you are really brilliant… When it comes you from the similar ideas! All were amazed. After all, I… Thank you for the meal! Come, Yokozuna, I will teach you the crawl! Oi, Franky, what it arrives to you?! You will not be annoyed for that! Close it! All irritates me! The boat of Gold Roger was the only one with being able to cross Grand Line! Why Tom-san, who manufactured this splendid boat, should be carried out?! Ca with the obvious air for everyone! These imbeciles, even not able to build a raft! I know it! The reason for which our company is under a bridge… Is how we were expelled of the city because of the boat of Roger! Why the best naval engineer of the world should undergo that?! What there is the funny one, little rat with horn?! For which you are caught, Bakanky?! I do not allow myself! I cannot support only itself of foute. Not, not, not like that! Strike more extremely with your legs! NOT, NOT! Push more extremely in water, like that! What does it arrive to him? It would be enough to transfer it, this cretin! Let us go, do not say that. It is our companion, he builds boats with us. Its competences in naval construction are quite higher than that of the craftsmen of the island. Even if its constructions are a little dangerous. He always goes from the front one. Two years ago, I were surprised by this kid which had emerged… Discharge with GIFT, and which was able to create a gun with refuses. Ossan! Adopt me! My father gave up me! I intended to say that his/her father had given up it because it was unbearable. Surely a pirate of shoddy goods. What a connery! Tom-san. Isn't strapping man? Despite everything that, it resisted. Both, you will become one day of famous manufacturers of ship! You respect. It is genetically impossible for Franky. Now, when the sketches are finished, construisont Umi Ressha! Ah. Ca would astonish me that it helps us. It does well what it wants. A suicide? It is the chief of the building site n°4. Because of the accident. They do not have any more raw material, then they took the sea to buy themselves of them. The building site soon will close. The human existance is fragile. Is this island foutue? Ooi! You heard the rumor which comes from the discharge?! O-oi! It is true? Tom' S Workers finished Umi Ressha?! Whoa! A boat as that can really travel? A criminal manufactured this boat. They is dangerous. I will go up on board! Then, I will go too! Tom, no explanation? Imminent departure, go up on board! It moves! The wheels turn on the rails! Ten years an old history. For the first time… The doors of silvering had been closed… In the obsolete city. Heating the heart of people… Umi Ressha, “Puffing Tom”, had exceeded the ocean.