Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Words such as "give up" are pathetic They don't suit you That's because you're The man who's gonna be the Pirate King! Idiots Every single one of them Just because of me The Return of the Phoenix! The Dream of the Pirate Flag Sworn to a Friend Let's hurry. We must get our flag back! Leave it to me! This is the correct floor! Alright! Correct? I have a bad feeling. Which way, Zoro? Don't rush me. What do you mean by that?! Luffy is coming! This is it! Prepare yourself, hot bastard! It's this way! You're right! Alright! A first class flour discovery. As I thought. One more try and I'll get it. Are you just randomly guessing?! If you don't remember where is it, just say it! Isn't there some kind of clue? If this keeps up, we'll get nowhere! That's right. If we don't find the flag soon, Luffy will Damn it! Give back the flag! L-Luffy! Welcome to Lovely Land. It's an honor for us to have the presence of someone worth 300 million. Is this Lovely Land? That's right! Strange house. He's here! No good! T-this is it for us! It's a disaster! Oi! Where are you going?! It's obvious! I'll recover the flag myself! Run in circles forever then. Shut up, stupid cook! Robin! Robin-chwan! I've been looking for you. Sending us those cola supplies was a truly wonderful idea! As expected from Robin-chwan! But, this is quite strange. You're the only one who received special treatment. Just what did you do? It seems Luffy came to retrieve the flag after all. That's right! It's over! No, we might still be able to do something. It's Luffy after all! We can still fool him! I see! There's a chance to persuade him! There is! Oi! I don't know how Luffy found out about the flag matter but, He didn't actually see how the flag was stolen. That's right. That's why, we might still have a chance! I know where the flag was taken. Leave it to me. Alright! As expected from Robin! We were wrong in trusting that marimo. Damn! We're counting on you, Robin! Well then. Everyone lend me your ear. Gomu Gomu no Pistol Magnetic Love Bazooka And Lovely Crush Attack Plus Aidou Kairyuudo Kick Aidou Kairyuudo Kick: Magnificent Love Hunter Kick If we, brothers, combine our strength, there's no one who can stop us. Magnetism that binds us both That is love! People call us the Love Hunters! Damn! How convenient that replication technique is. We already told you we're twins! Like I would remember. Listen to what people say. Love Throw Gomu Gomu no Magnetic Love Bazooka And Lovely Double Attack Since nissans are using their brotherly love, We too shall make use of our couple love. You're right Arubelle. What's with those two? Luffy, are you alright? Yeah. I'm not hungry yet. Sensei, here he comes! Don't run away, 50 beri pet. Frozen up. I was born on a winter island. This means nothing to me! You might be fine but, it doesn't seem that way for the kid. Jiro! It hurts! It hurts! It hurts! It hurts! Damn it that hurt, Strawhat! Stay away from this! Did I hit you? Sorry, sorry. Don't play dumb! I'm not playing dumb. Even if I don't help them, Chopper and Jiro are strong! What?! Luffy. Sensei. I'll get down to fight. I'll get the flag back using my own strength! Well said, Jiro. What can a 50 beri reindeer and a kid do? Rumble What is that? Guard Point What the? Here we go! Sensei. Amazing! Guard Point is meant to keep injuries away. Something like that won't work! Damn! I'll freeze you up! Like I'll let you! Ice Pack Samidareshiki Samidareshiki: Intermittent We did it, Sensei. Yeah, it was thanks to your help. Damn! In that case! What the? Doom Penguins! Among that large quantity of doom penguins, there are some especially hungry! He's certainly saying he's hungry! Sensei, you can speak penguin language?! Amazing! Idiot! Even if you say those things, it doesn't make me happy at all! My three minutes have ended. Jiro! Jiro! Come back! Hurry! No! I'm not going back 'till I recover the flag! The 100 million bounty came as well. Making us fight penguins? You're underestimating us! Don't let your guard down! Yeah. Jiro. Even though you know that stick might break, you still insist on fighting! You bastard! He's just like you use to be. And, that's the reason why Vigaro never questioned you. Oi, Vigaro! Why didn't you stop him?! The pirates within that sea are in a completely different league. It's too soon for the captain! I don't intend to stop Puzzle. What? Stancen. When we raised the flag of the Phoenix pirate crew, Didn't we agree to keep moving forward regardless the obstacles we might face ahead? But Furthermore, the only man I'll ever acknowledge as a capable captain Is Puzzle. To make him accomplish his ambitions, I would even discard my life. It doesn't matter what kind of pain the phoenix goes through, it'll certainly be reborn! And then, it'll be born even stronger! The Puzzle I believe in Is that kind of man! Puzzle, I believe in you. You're the man who's gonna be the Pirate King! Gomu Gomu no Muchi Muchi: Whip This will be our flag! I'll become the Pirate King someday! Let's go to the New World! I'm sorry everyone. I was a foolish captain who couldn't live up to the expectations of my irreplaceable friend. But But, I'll show it to Vigaro once again! Our flag fluttering again over that sea! Captain! Jiro, let's go! We'll get our flag back. Captain! Aye, aye sir! You! Strawhat! We'll deal with these guys! I see. Then, I'll leave it to you. Ah! You! Hey! You stupid couple! Yes, I mean you! Stupid stupid couple! I won't let this extend any longer. You despicable man! What's with them? They must be envious of us. Stupid men. Stupid indeed. Bastard! What did you say?! Sanji! You, how did you let our precious fla! Where did you go, hockey bastard?! I'm here! This time won't be the same as before! Let's go, damn it! Let's go, damn it! Damn it! Let's go, Usopp! Bastard, stay still! Prepare yourselves! Wait, stupid coup! Oi, Usopp! You let our flag! Luffy! You can't get inside there unless you beat these guys! How come, Usopp? Well that's because Listen, we must trick Luffy before he asks about the flag until Robin goes to retrieve it! Do you understand? Got it! W-well that That house holds a spell that won't let you get in until you beat all the bad guys here! A spell? So that was it! I'll take care of them! Robin-oneechan. What are you doing? Are you exploring on your own? No, I'd like to go to your Papa's room. What, you wanna meet Papa? If we go this way, we'll arrive to Papa's room. It's the shortest and most enjoyable path. Robin-oneechan also likes flowers, right? Yes. Arubelle-oneechan also likes this place. We used to take walks here. But, that was before she married that ugly man Hey, let's play again! The game where you hide the coin in your hands! Do it! Do it! Lil. Why did you lie? Perhaps, this room doesn't lead to your Papa's room. Am I wrong? Robin-oneechan also lied. Even though you promised to play with me, you intend to leave with your nakama, right? But, there's no way I'm gonna let you leave this place. I'm sorry. Promise me that you'll become my sister. If you do, I'll release you. You despicable man! The same trick won't work twice. Is that so? Not if it's Arubelle-chan! You completely fell for the same trick! Here I come! Come to think of it, you're enough to take care of him. So true. Fresh Fire Violation Gomu Gomu no Gatling Gomu Gomu no Bazooka As I thought, it won't open unless we settle this. It's open. Brindo! It's over, Campachino. Your brotherhood weapon is magnetism. If you get separated, you can no longer use that power. My power isn't just that. Love Swing I'll stop the attack. Are you stupid?! What're you doing stupid Sanji?! Usopp, it's open! Yeah, got it! This is bad! What do we do?! What're you guys doing?! Amazing, Nami-san! Sanji-kun, you take care of that man. Leave it to me! I'll take care of this woman! You seem pretty full of yourself. I wonder with what foundations you are saying that. Foundations? We don't have time! Thunderball Luffy will find out! Thunderbolt Tempo Honey! You heard her. We don't have time. Basses Côtes Basses Côtes: Lower Ribs Jarret Jarret: Shank That curly cook isn't showing mercy at all. That's because he's an idiot. What's with that guy?! D-Don Atchino! He's Naked! Just that?! Strawhat, how dare you harm my cute sons and daughter?! You destroyed our Atchino family! You were the one who took our flag in the first place, Naked Balloon! So what, stupid brat?! I'll kick your ass right away to get our flag back! Damn Naked Balloon! Just saying your pusshuu pusshuu! Luffy, be careful! He's still getting hotter! I'll finish him quickly to get back the flag! Oh! That's right, Nami, why did you This is bad! Everyone, hurry and get back the flag before Luffy finishes! Next time on One Piece: Red Hot Decisive Match! Luffy vs. the Scorching Don I'm gonna be the Pirate King!