Traveling throughout the world, Let us call out in joy. When my heart is rested, the signal to continue is rung. Walking the unpaved path in between the Sea and the Sky. We are now steering our ship. Out here in the dark sea, another adventure awaits. I am getting excited just thinking about it. Traveling throughout the world, Let us call out in joy. When my heart is rested, the signal to continue is rung. The feelings that we had when this adventure just began I hope never to forget. Now that I think about it, nothing seems scary to me. With this pace, let us continue this trip. The Rhythm of Adventure that Shy Hearted People feel. Find all the Treasure and laugh out in pride. Use it all up during a great party and spray it out! Bringing dreams to an empty heart Spread your wings Take a deep breath and continue on! Find all the Treasure and laugh out in pride. Use it all up during a great party and spray it out! Translation and Editing: Nami Timing: Shanks Wealth Fame Power The man who once possessed everything. The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words that he spoke before his death, influenced people from all over the world to Go out to sea! My Treasure? If you want it, it is yours! Search for it. I left everything I had in that place. Men, in search of romance, entered the Grand Line. The world is currently in the Grand Age of Pirates! I was watching you guys just now! You guys are insanely strong, right? There is a man that I want defeated. If you can get my shadow back, I will be infinitely grateful. Shadow? What? Don't tell me you had yours stolen as well? He is the same as Brook. Then, who is the one doing this? Who the hell lives on this island? A man by the name of Moria. He is extremely frightening. Moria? By any chance are we talking about Gecko Moria? Yes, that is right. It is that Moria. Robin, you know him? Gecko Moria is on of the 'Seven Pirate Lords of the Sea'! Note: aka: Shichibukai You guys! We were discovered! I thought I told you never to peek into my lab! W-W-We didn't see anything! I also saw nothing. Me too. I didn't see anything. Really? We REALLY REALLY didn't see you making a zombie. Don't say it! Well, it is fine. Regardless of what secrets you discover now it is too late to do anything. After having lowered their awareness we will finish off all the visitors to the island in one shot. The Night Attack begins. Now, Soldier Zombie Unit, the defeat of the Pirates will be at the hands of the General Zombies! The preparations are complete right, Zombies? This is the city of the dead, Thriller Bark! Expect to see Nightmares! Well, shall we get going, to the Haunted House? Feast of the Zombie Song! The Bell of the Night Raid is a Sound of Darkness What is all this nonsense about studying zombies, Hogback? In actuality, you are the one reviving the dead on this island, right? O-Oye Nami, don't get him angry! At this point, you guys are completely justified in being suspicious but how can you prove something like that? We read this woman's obituary. Victoria Cindry! You died 10 years ago! You dogs, you went inside of that room too? Answer me! Not only did you enter my lab, but that room as well Cindry-chan! Samurai Ryuuma! Throw them into the world of shadows right now! Wa-Wait! Into the world of no light, the shadow world. The Night Attack has begun! Are you done looking at the inside the lab? Oya oya, if I look carefully, you really are quite a beautiful young woman. Beautiful! Eh? Nonot at all.. I have eyes only for the beautiful. Then again, I don't have eyes in the first place. Would you mind letting me see your panties? As if! This speech I have eyes only for the beautiful. Then again, I am a skeleton so I don't have eyes in the first place. Would you mind letting me see your panties? As if! He is copying him perfectly. This guy is of a much higher standard than the zombies you have seen so far. He has a special type of body and is a General Zombie. He came from the country of Wano that is located in the 'New World'. He is a legendary samurai who supposedly killed a Dragon many years ago. Oh crap. This is bad! Eh! Don't come near me. There is nowhere to run. Cindry-san, would you mind opening that door over there? Afterwards, I would like some dinner as well. W-What? I thought he was going to cut us. That was surprising. Why did he look like he was starting? W-Whatever! Let's make haste and run. The exit is clear. You're right. Y-Yea! Hurry! Magnificent! They say that when a true master cuts you, you have to walk away humming before you realize you have been cut. ~Humming and taking a stroll~ Arrow Notch Strike! Excuse us! I apologize but I am entering No, that is too fast! Well, I don't have the key for this door. Ah, it's open, it's open. Rather than openyou! Gecko Moria! Get your ass out here! What is this room? Doesn't look like there is anyone around. Oye! Is there anyone here? Gecko Moria! In such a large mansion, there isn't even one person to greet us? Why does it look like a tornado just hit this place? Nothing would have happened to Nami-san To know our Master's name and still barge in here, quite impressive guts you've got! There is a pig sticking out of the wall. It is still early to be shocked! Let's welcome the visitors! Oye Oye! Are these zombies too? On this island, all living things are strange aren't they? Where are you hiding Nami-san? It rude to open your mouth like that, especially for a beauty like you. Me? Really? But, coming out of a picture frame kills it anyways! Twist! You as well. The spear was broken! What's with this guys body? Steel? St-St-Stop it! What are you guys?!? Are you really friends of those weak asses from before? YES! Nigiri! Nigiri? Note: Means rice ball Sounds yummy! Hirameki! It was bad This island is really fun! You speedy little twerp! If you hadn't gotten in our way, we could have been friends. Gomu Gomu no Bazooka! R-Rug Bear? Yosh, we cleaned up shop! No, not yet. It looks like there is one left up there. Yosh, you can take them away. Those three guys are sleeping snug in their beds right now. Thank god, they seem to be safe. Yeah right! I'm serious! Why don't you go check for yourselves? Climb those stairs and see. Oye, wait a second here That Curly-Curly cook is gone. Huh? He was just here. Where did Sanji go? Oye, stop laughing. They can hear. Looks like they did something when we weren't looking. We've lost a good man Hey! Ahh! Butthat should be fine. Sanji should be ok. But in this Zombie filled mansion, we should probably worry about the other three. You guys, don't get cocky just because you beat us. When our comrades find out what you did, you'll get what you deserve. Either way, all we can do is keep moving carefully. Oye, you guys, you are really scare I seriously doubt that this guy is telling us the truth. Then, let's take this pig to guide us around. EH?!? Go! Go! Damn you! Go, and learn the greatness of our master. Our true boss is one of the 'Seven Pirate Lords of the Sea', Gecko Mori.. Oh, I can't say it. My blood will curdle. Yup, you get scared shitless just by saying his name. Your friends that have disappeared are probably not safe. Normally it is fine to regret losing just one friend. But, when you are in front of the 'Shichibukai'Gecko MoriI mean my Master, you should expect that nobody will survive. Your blabbering is getting annoying! Then, tell this to that idiot Moria "If anything happens to my friends, I will beat the shit out of you and throw you off this island!" Anyways, if we leave Sanji alone, he won't die. Hey, let's go! Oye, you are really taking me with? Say something you guys! Greetings Master, it looks like some strong people have entered the mansion. They managed to Surprise the 'Surprise Zombies'! ~Encircle the Mansion~ Let's, Fiesta Night! ~We will not allow a single pirate to escape~ ~Everybody, Zombie Night~ ~Round and Round until you Die~ ~Everybody, Zombie Night~ ~Round and Round until you Die~ Zombie Night! ~Everybody, Zombie Night~ ~Round and Round until you Die~ ~Everybody, Zombie Night~ ~Round and Round until you Die~ ~Everybody, Zombie Night~ ~Round and Round until you Die~ Zombie Night! Now, all of the prey have been trapped in our territory. Tonight we can all go wild! Open you eyes, General Zombies! Revive, Warriors of all time! Damn Pirates! The Straw Hat Pirates are but 8 people. Magnificently catch them, and offer them up to our master. Now go, my Brave Zombie Generals! Chopper, there are a ton of animals here. Do something! Hey, is that all I'm good for here? Next Time on One Piece: Filled with Animals!? Perona's Wonder Garden I will be Pirate King!