Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! The Strawhat crew is heading towards the New World. On their way there, they came across a strange ship. Luffy and the others saved them but I want you to attend to one more person please! I-is that him? What is it? The trophies have been cornered. Well, well. Pretty fitting for today. What mission?! We refuse to! We'll take this ship and counterattack! If we don't, Vigaro-san won't be able to rest in peace! Oi, oi, I don't care if you guys apologize but, You probably should after making up that fake story. Sunny in a Pinch! Roar, Secret Superspeed Mecha P-please calm down, guys. We're not anyone to get suspicious of. The truth is we're just some common fishermen. Right, everyone? There's also a limit to suspiciousness. Giving sake full of drugs to a bunch of pirates doesn't sound like something a "common" fisherman would do, right? Well then, let's hear what you guys have to say. W-wait a minute! If we calm down a little, we could come to an understanding Then again, maybe not Which one is it?! T-that's why O-oi, you guys! Wait! Stop it, Guile. We're facing just three people. We're taking this ship by force. Yeah, if we do it, we could recover one more time. I can't really stand "those" guys anymore! S-still, when we were all worn out, these guys No way, acting that greedy now is Shut up! If you guys can't do it We'll do it ourselves! At least, don't do anything to the neechan! That's right, at least don't do that! So then, this is your reply. It's good to know your true intentions! You guys! Hold on! Oi, oi. W-well, they were deceptive methods no matter how you look at it But, these guys definitely didn't have bad intentions. Isn't that, right? Don't "He He He" me. What're you hiding?! You've got nothing but bad intentions. I'm freezing. What? Haven't you taken care of them yet? I thought there was something odd about all this. Fishermen that look like thugs doesn't fit at all. If you thought we wouldn't notice such a thing you better not underestimate us! Except for these two. Commander Stancen This is bad! Well then, please get ready. If this is how it is, we have no choice Retreat! Wait, damn it! Running away?! Damn! I'll take care of you even if I have to aim from up here! It's okay, forget about them. That aside, has anyone seen Chopper? I don't see him anywhere. Chopper? Oi, oi. You don't think something bad happened to him? He may have been abducted by those guys. That's highly probable. Those bastards. Anyway, boarding their ship is the fastest way to find out. Let's hurry. The wind is also getting stronger. There's no telling when this will turn into a storm. That being said What should we do with these guys? Geez, these guys! Oi, it's really freezing out here, oi. My whole head hurts, it really hurts. Idiot! I told you not to underestimate them! Just when the plan was going well! Well, I'm really sor Next time, definitely It doesn't matter anymore. You guys step aside. Oi, oi, didn't you hear me? I said useless cowards should step aside since they're nothing but a burden. Got it? Y-yes. As you wish then. Yes. Roger that. Yes. Very well then. Men, there's a change of plans. We'll use Trap Seagull. Yes! Damn, those crybabies. How dare they deceive us?! Chopper. Where did you take Chopper?! Strawhat Captain! I regret abusing your hospitality, but This is where we part ways. Oi, oi! Wait a minute, ossan! What are you gonna do?! This is bad! He's trying to cut the rope that connects the ships! Wait, damn it! Gomu Gomu no Pistol T-the wind is! Damn it! A Devil Fruit user? But, it's a shame for you! What?! Robin! As expected! She's also a Devil's Fruit user?! Sarco-san, preparations for Trap Seagull are complete. Yosh. Well then, let's get started! Showtime! What the? What's this music? Oi, can you hear something? This way! What is this? Something is coming. No way! M-marines! They already tracked us down?! How inconvenient at a time like this! This is bad! Get us outta here, Nami! I know! Hurry! The Strawhat ship has started to move! Let's surprise them a little. Oi, oi, oi, oi! This is bad! It's a bombardment! Hurry up, Nami! We'll get blown up! I know! Sanji-kun Roger. Not yet! Lighten up! Hurry and light up! Oi! They're also in front! Nami, what do we do?! Turn left! Aye, aye. Surprise them some more. No. 67, light up! They're here too?! No way! What's this?! Oi, you're kidding, right?! What is that?! W-we're surrounded! Good, it's going good. What will you do? We're trapped, Nami! Do something, Nami! Shut up! I'm thinking now. Nami-san, over there! No way! Are you sure?! Where, where, where?! It's true! Can we make it? Let's go! Roger. What's going on?! It's no use! The wind has changed! We can't hold the helm! We're done for! Damn! The helm isn't responding! Move! Bastard, what're you doing?! Have you forgotten? The Soldier Dock System is for these kinds of situations! Channel 0. Activated! Cola Engine Paddle Ship Sunny! Go! What's this?! Jiro, give me a hand! If it keeps up, the wound will end up opening again! We got away! Awesome! The marines can't do anything but watch! Of course! No one will be able to catch up with us! SUPER! Mission accomplished. The Strawhats are safely heading towards the Frozen Highway. It went as planned. This is a great success. They can no longer escape now. Now, report this to Campachino-sama! Chopper! Where are you?! Oi! Chopper, we came to take you back! This voice If you're there, answer me! I'll go there for a minute. Chopper-sensei! Oi, where are you, Chopper?! Wait! If you get any closer! Stop. Strawhat-san Forgive me! I'm very sorry. Oi! Stop it. Why are you kneeling down?! Be quiet! I apologize for being so rude up until now. I'm sorry for deceiving you. That's all I can say, please forgive us! I don't care about such a thing. We just came to take Chopper back with us. Right? How spineless. I-I understand. We'll help you look for him right away. Luffy! Chopper! What, you were here after all. Well then, hurry up and come back. Well Wait! Don't take him back yet! If you take Sensei with you now, it'll mean trouble. Who're you? I won't let you take him away no matter what! Jiro! Stop it, Jiro! Let me go! You'll get yourself killed! So what?! I am not afraid of dying! I'm not a coward like you all! I won't lose! No matter how strong the enemy is, I won't lose again! Chopper, what's going on here? Luffy. The truth is that I want to stay on this ship a little longer. There's a patient with a grave injury here. I managed to stabilize him but he still needs treatment. I beg of you. Until he regains consciousness, let me look after him. I see, got it. Then, we'll wait. Sensei, thank you for before. Jiro, I don't really understand your situation. It looks like it's a very serious matter. But, be at ease. I'm a pirate but, also a doctor. If there's a patient under pain, no matter who it is, I'll do my best to save his life. We're also pirates. You're pirates? And this man is Our Phoenix Pirate Crew captain. The Phoenix Puzzle-san. Phoenix? Yes. No matter the gravity of the crisis Even if he is all worn out and on the verge of death He will certainly stand up. As if he were a phoenix. Captain! Burnt to ashes. What?! It's no use! I won't get killed by such a thing! Are you a monster?! I am a Phoenix! I, along with everyone else, thought that this man would become the Pirate King. But It's different over there. The New World is in a different league. Have you been in the New World?! But We didn't stand a chance at all. Even Puzzle-san had to get away from the enemy. The others and I managed to escape somehow. But, the level of that place is incomparable. But But! I still believe in him. Puzzle-san will certainly resurrect again, just like a phoenix. Damn. I can't stand him anymore. That bastard Stancen! Oi, stop it. Don't insult the commander. If he hears you, you'll get hit again. Like I care about that coward. I'm already tired of his methods. You all think the same, don't you?! It's as Guile says We can't let ourselves crash like this! That's right. How much longer will this situation keep going?! They not only stole our flag, We were also degraded into becoming their underlings! What's wrong with you?! If I have to become their nakama I'm better off dead! You idiot! It's because of this that Vigaro went as far as sacrificing himself to protect you all! Don't let his sacrifice go to waste! I believe that if our captain recovered, we could surely recover our flag and become pirates once again. But, Stancen's way of thinking differs from ours What do you mean? After all, he only cares about his life. You can tell by the face that he has when talking with that hunter. Ever since our defeat in the New World, He's lost his spirit. We now have no choice but to wait for the captain's recovery. But, ever since that happened to the captain He decided to keep living under the shadow of the hunters. I refuse! Even if I stop being a pirate, I'll oppose and fight the hunters! As a member of the Phoenix pirate crew! When that happens, I'll do it too! Of course! What about you? I entered this pirate crew because I admired Captain Puzzle! Yeah, no matter what happens to the captain, I won't let anyone step over his name! That's right, Vigaro-san wouldn't like to see us in this state. Yosh. Seems like everyone is prepared. We still have to do this. Regardless of what happens to the captain. Amazing. No matter where I look, all I see is icebergs. What's going on? Something is wrong. It's as if the ship's route is being decided by the will of the icebergs. What?! That was close. Sanji-kun, in front! What? Hard turn! Damn it! That was close. What's wrong with these icebergs? It moved all of the sudden. What's going on? There's something wrong with these icebergs after all! It's as if they were moving on their own accord. The truth is, I was a little careless. B-but the trophy is smoothly heading to the usual place, Niisan. Don't call me Niisan so freely. Well, I'm just trying to be respectful Wait a minute, Campachino-niisan. Are you bothering him again? Sarco, you wouldn't happen to have lost the target, right? But, but, it's not like they got away. I did as much as I could. Okay, honey? I'm not gonna be generous anymore. Don't say that.  If Arubelle wasn't around, I couldn't stand it. Geez, don't be silly. The party is finished. We'll proceed to reclaim the trophy for the present. Isn't it great? Our brotherhood cooperating to obtain the present for Papa. Look forward to it, Papa. Hey, Arubelle. Can I go with you? No Lil, you know don't you? I'm a pair with my darling. I don't like that man. The total bounty is 600 million, huh? Hurry up and show them to me. That's not seen everyday. For our beloved Papa, Don Atchino, and for the blessings of our Atchino Family. And, for the present for Papa, the bounty of the Strawhats. Kanpai! Well then, get going. My beloved sons and daughters. The hunting starts. Watch out! Sanji-kun, hard turn! Alright, Nami-san! What's wrong with this area?! It's as if we were being surrounded. This is bad! Turn the rudder! It isn't responding at all! Luffy and Chopper aren't here yet?! Next Time on One Piece: The Dream Sinking in the New World! The Pirate of Despair, Puzzle I'm gonna be the Pirate King!