Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RHYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! After leading the Strawhats into a trap, The bounty hunters started making their move. The total bounty is 600 million, huh? Hurry up and show them to me. That's not something you see everyday. For our beloved Papa, Don Atchino, and for the blessings of our Atchino family. And, for the present for Papa, the bounty of the Strawhats. Kanpai! The Dream Sinking in the New World! The Pirate of Despair, Puzzle The icebergs moved? Are you stupid? There's no way an iceberg can move by itself. I wonder if they mean something else? That's right. They're not moving with the sea current. Their moving by their own free will. Moving by their own will? Oi, oi, what kind absurd things are you saying? See for yourselves! Sanji-kun, please. What's that? One more time. These things are acting quite cheeky. It's just ice after all. It really did move, as if a reed were controlling our path. Though the iceberg seems normal after all. Since last night's incident with the marines, It seems like something is drawing us somewhere. I dunno who's behind this, but, He's got some nerve! Bring him on! First of all, We have to find out who's doing this. Vigaro! Wait! Puzzle-san. Vigaro. Vigaro. What? Puzzle-san has! Puzzle-san has! Puzzle-san. I'm glad! Thank you, Sensei! Sensei is truly awesome! E-even if you call me awesome It doesn't make me happy at all, you bastard. Jiro. Why am I here? Remember Captain, We were attacked by some incredibly strong guys in the New World. Stop joking around. Just who on earth are those guys?! Get rid of the fire! Don't get distracted! Help us please! What's with this bombardment?! Hurry up and transport the injured! We're retreating! Full speed ahead! The New World is still impossible for us! What's wrong? The Phoenix Puzzle speaking in that weak manner What phoenix?! I'm just a ridiculous daydreamer. Listen, Puzzle. We follow you because we believe in you. The reason is It's no use, Captain! They're too fast! Puzzle, I'll buy you some time! Stancen, prepare a boat! Vice-captain Hurry! Y-yes. Wait, Vigaro! I'm going too! You idiot! What will we do if the captain abandons the ship?! Even so! Puzzle. I believe in you. You're the man who's gonna be the Pirate King! Oi, Vigaro! Wait! Captain, they're coming again! Meteors?! Vigaro! Even the vice-captain, Vigaro, couldn't last but a few seconds against them. But, thanks to the time Vice-captain gave us, We managed to break their ship's rudder. Then, the others and I got away somehow. That's why! After what happened that day, the others and I promised. We too, just like Vice-captainwill protect the captain with our lives! It's as you say, Jiro. If it's for Puzzle-san, I don't care if I lose my life. That's right! We'll protect the captain! Let's do it. We'll go to the New World once again! Though Stancen-san It's because of this that Vigarowent as far as sacrificing himself to protect you all! Don't let his sacrifice go to waste! Bounty hunter subordinates? They were indeed extremely strong. So, when we came out of the New World we were all worn out. That's why we were bound to lose, but Our pirate crew To go as far as to steal the pride of the Phoenix pirate crew. Stancen-san is a coward! But, these awful times end today. Because the Phoenix Puzzle-san has resurrected! Puzzle-san! Don't exert yourself! Don't worry. My body is already okay. Gather the entire crew on the deck. Yes! The captain has come back to his senses?! Is that true?! The day we've been waiting for has finally come! The revival of the Phoenix Pirate Crew. Stancen you bastard. Serves you right. Puzzle-san! Everyone seems like I only caused you trouble. It's nothing really. That doesn't matter anymore. Puzzle-san, I'm glad! Let's go, Chopper. Chopper-sensei. Luffy-san. Thank you very much! Don't mention it. I'm a doctor, so it was the most obvious thing to do. Someday, we'll definitely repay you this favor. When that time comes, we'll meet in the New World. I see, so you're also headed to the New World. Then, it seems that from now on we'll be rivals. I can't wait! Captain, let's strengthen our forces too And head for the New World. Captain Captain. Captain. Puzzle-san We're No longer Going to the New World. No way Stancen's decision was the correct one. From now on, we'll remain in the bounty hunter crew. That's Have you lost your mind, Puzzle-san?! Everyone is prepared to die for you! Just like Vigaro-san did. That's right Vigaro died To save me Puzzle. I believe in you. You're the man who's gonna be the Pirate King! But, we have Puzzle-san here! We were waiting all this time! For the Phoenix's revival! Where did the Phoenix Puzzle go to?! Phoenix you say Such things don't exist in the world these days. People like me who aren't capable of protecting their nakama Don't have the right to set foot in the New World! Whycaptain? Ican't accept that. What about the flag?! What're we gonna do about our stolen flag?! We no longer Have the right to fly a pirate flag. Damn it! Have you even lost your pride?! Luffy! Oi, wait. I'd like to repay you for treating me, but Unfortunately, I lost almost everything I had in the New World. Well The New World isn't a place to take lightly, as you may be thinking. If I go, I'll find out. Besides, we're strong. It's fine. If I go, I'll find out. Besides, we're strong. Don't underestimate the New World, Puzzle. Don't worry, Vigaro! I'm a phoenix! Do as you wish. Jiro Let's go, Chopper. But They gave up on their flag. These guys are no longer pirates. Yes Luffy! They'll be fine on their own. Right now, the ship Leave it to me! We're being surrounded! Hard turn! Hard turn! Turn over! To the left! Stop! The icebergs are gathering. Damn it, Sanji! Where are you going?! Damn, the rudder isn't responding! No, look over there. Because the current is blocked, a whirpool has been created. What the hell is wrong With this sea?! This is Shaved ice to eat! Shaved ice? It's huge! So cool! This isn't the time to say that! Just wait a minute. Gomu Gomu no Gatling Devil's Fruit? And! Pointless. Ono Ono = Axe My shaved ice has Sunny is gone. This is the Frozen Highway. Once a ship loses its way here, It won't be able to go to the open sea ever again. There's no doubt. That's the 100 million bounty, The Phoenix, Puzzle. Wasn't he dead? We were tricked by that man Stancen. The 300 million Strawhat Luffy is also with them, so the total is 400 million. This has turned out quite well. Report this to Brindo-sama immediately! So, the Phoenix Puzzle is alive. For those pitiful pirates to deceive the Atchino family They sure have some nerve. My brothers, the present for Papa has once again increased! For now, I'll leave this to you. I'll be back in a minute! Bastard! To take advantage of that confusion and peek at Nami-san's panties! For you to be using the paddle is something wrong? Franky, where have you been? I was recharging our supply of cola in the energy room. If I'm right, it'll definitely come in handy soon. However, there's no way to get outta this unknown area as long as the icebergs keep moving. It must be some kind of trick. Such a thing doesn't really matter, does it? Doesn't matter?! All we have to do is get outta here, right? I see! We found them at last. You people, Once a ship loses its course in this Frozen Highway, never again will it be able to return to the open sea. Resign yourselves. I think so too. Right? Right? Right? Don't think you can get away from us. How perturbing. That beautiful lady with that despicable man. Oi! You over there! Duel with me right here and now to! Unfortunately for you, we don't have time to play with you. You'll have to excuse us soon. You're a dumb one, aren't you? I told you it's impossible to escape from here, impossible. In other words, you're trapped. Right! You're absolutely right! Right? Right? Right? You can't get away from here. Go ahead, Franky. Alright! Leave it to me! Coup de Burst What's wrong with that ship?! Good, more than good. What's wrong, Sarco? T-the shipflew to the sky and got away! What absurd things are you saying? Give it to me for a minute. Niisan, it's true! It's getting away, flying before our very eyes! Papa, something bad has happened. How about taking their flag first? Oh! As expected from Papa. It's a wonderful idea. We're getting their flag first. I understand, my honey. Then, Lil-chan, can I ask you to help us get those guys? I don't want to. Ah! Well..Sorry..I Lil-chan, your Oneechan is also asking you. It's a request from our beloved Papa. Go! Flying Fish! What a strange fish. I can finally relax alone. This is good. The blue sky with the white clouds, a big shiny sun and A fluttering pi rate flag. This is bad! The pirate flag is gone?! Come to think of it, Zoro isn't here either. Geez, these guys They got lost again. Are they stupid? So cold! The icebergs and Sunny are moving as they wish, damn it. Those guys must be eating, drinking, and relaxing aboard the ship. What's with that flashy building? Next time on One Piece: The Assassins Attack! The Great Battle on the Ice Begins I'm gonna be the Pirate King!