Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Translation from Japanese: Timing: Editing: Sadamerareta michi wo nukete We were able to escape from the set course Sora to umi no sakaime ni Along the boundary between sky and sea Ima bokura, kogidashite yuku no sa Now we're rowing our way Kurai umi no soko ni, iki hisomeru ADVENTURE To a hidden adventure at the dark bottom of the sea Souzou suru dake de tanoshiku naranai ka? Doesn't it sound fun just thinking about it? Sekaijuu no umi wo mata ni kakete yuku Let's travel all through the worldwide seas Otakebi agete Raising our battle cry Kokoro ga haretara shuppatsu no aizu wo If you've made up your mind, let the signal for departure Hibikase yukou Ring out Funade no toki no "ano kimochi" That feeling we had when we set sail Zutto wasurezu ni itai Is something I'll never forget Sou sureba Because of that Nani mo kowakunai kara Nothing will be able to scare me Ima takanaru kodou, osaezu ni TRIP shiyou Now, as the TRIP approaches, our racing heartbeats SHY na HEART tachi ga kizamu bouken no RYTHM Engrave a rhythm of adventure in our shy hearts Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Karappo no mune ni yume wo tsumekonde Fill your empty heart with dreams Tsubasa hirogete Spread your wings Fukinukeru kaze ni kokoro wo someta nara If you color your heart with the blowing wind Iza susumou You will move on Sokorajuu no takara wo kassarainagara Get all the treasures Takawarai shite While laughing out loud Bakasawagi no utage de tobashite yuke Give them all out at a big party Shibuki agete Making a splash Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world Out to the seas. My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place. Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now In the Grand Age of Pirates! Well then, Franky. Get on my ship. Stop being so cocky! It can't be helped. I'll give you a hand! Your ship's shipwright Will be the great Franky! Oi! Be happy, it's me! We argued quite a lot, but we're still nakama! Let's leave the past behind! Stop joking. If that's how you want it, I have only one more thing to tell you I'M SORRY! I'm sorry for my stubbornness! I was wrong! Usopp! Luffy. YOU IDIOT! Hurry up and grab on! How does this name for the ship sound, Franky? The Pirate Ship Thousand Sunny! Coup de Burst It uses three barrels of cola, but it can send us flying 1 km away. There's not a single thing the Going Merry could do that this ship can't! It's better in many ways! However, that ship's brave soul lives on in this Thousand Sunny! Now, for the return of Robin and Usopp, And for our new nakama, Franky and The pirate ship Thousand Sunny! Kanpai! Kanpai! Let's go! Our next step is Fishman Island! Stop it! Vigaro! Papa. Are you staring at the collection alone again? Oh, you've gathered. That was fast. We must hurry to make the arrangements. Tomorrow we're having a very special birthday, Papa. We're changing shifts, Jiro. Get some rest. I'll look after the Captain. Mysterious Pirate Crew! The Sunny and a Dangerous Trap This is paradise, paradise. Taking a nice bath while being rocked by the waves This is the best. This is my room. What's wrong? Nothing at all! I'll show my skills. Hurry up and bring me patients! Got it! We caught a cool shark! Put it in! Put it in! Put it in the fish tank! Put it in! Get in there! Another one came in. A shark. Well, isn't this room perfect? The room is fine, but a shark?! Those idiots! Yosh, let's go see! Let's see the tank! Oi! Did the shark get in? It's the one with the big horns! Yes, it did, but All the fish you caught so far are gone. That was obviously going to happen when you think a little about coexistence! Damn it! Turn this bastard into dinner! Sanji! Make BBQ out of this stupid shark! Wait up, you novice! This is a fresh fish. Maybe some sushi boiling it adding some spicy vinegar miso Tempura could also be good. I'm getting hungry! Well, thanks for such a great ship, Franky! You said it. But, this ship's true power isn't just this. True power? Yeah. This ship's specialty is the Soldier Dock System. The ship's bottom is equipped with channels from 0 to 4, with a total of five docks. Each dock has something to use depending on the situation, Everything is designed to support this Thousand Sunny. Then, please show them to us! Don't rush. From now on, I'll show it to you when the time comes. If I show it to you now, it'll be a waste. I'm looking forward to it. That was a nice bath. Since yesterday, there has been a sudden drop in temperature As I thought I wonder if we're getting close to a winter island. Even though Kokoro-san didn't mention such a thing. Snow, huh? Snow! Oi! Zoro, you're a bad lookout! If it starts snowing, this is what you must do! Men! It's snowing! I wonder if he even realized it? Is he an idiot? Idiot! Being laughed at by these guys isn't a very comfortable thing. It's been a while. I wonder if it'll pile up. I hope it does! Seems like I'll have to prepare something warm for tonight. Oi! It's a ship! There's something strange about it. Strange? What is it? What's that? It does't have a sail or a flag. It has no sail? Then, is it just standing there? An abandoned ship? Come to think of it, There's a strange game between pirates called the Davy Back Fight. Yeah, we know. Could it be that they're victims of that game? Wait a minute! Someone came out! They're fishing? Are they castaways after all? They look pretty tired. Oi, Captain. Yeah, let's take a look. If they're enemies, we'll just have to beat them up. It's not like we can catch fish without bait, right? Don't say that. Besides, that's better. We don't have anything else to do. We have plenty of time, so let's just wait patiently. Oi! Are you guys okay?! P-pirates! Pirates! What? R-run for it! No wind! No sail! Please spare our lives! What the? But you and your ship are in a terrible state. You're all worn out. Just who are you? We're just a bunch of fishermen. Fisherman? The truth is, three days ago the ship was attacked. They stole all the food, destroyed the helm, and took all the valuables. That's why, even if you attack us, you'll get nothing. Don't worry. You must be hungry, right? We're planning to have dinner soon, so why don't you come with us? Eh?! Seriously?! Sure. Our cook can't abandon people like you. Don't hold back. Oi, Sanji! Not yet?! I'm hungry! Yeah, it's already done. But, before that Chopper! They're the patients you were waiting for! Take a look at them. Y-yes. Then, if there's anyone injured, come with me! Is there someone who can't move? The pet talked! I'm not a pet! I'm also a pirate! I'm worth 50 beri! Damn it Don't move! Maybe some rookie pirates coming from a foreign sea. It's me. How are things going over there? Oh, yes. Just now we came across a pirate ship. So, what's the flag symbol like? Let's see It's a skull wearing a straw hat. What did you say? It's as if we were hunting bugs. There's no telling what they were thinking. Don't take things so lightly! I-I'm very sorry. L-listen well! Those are the ones with the total bounty over 600 million, the Straw Hat crew! That's right! You know what you guys have to do, right? Yeah perfectly. Listen, no matter what, don't let them get away before we get there! A 600 million bounty? Delicious! Simply delicious, Eyebrow-niichan! I can't even stop crying! Crybabies? Beautiful neechans! It's true! I can't stop crying! It seems so. They're also slow. Excuse me Don't you want to eat? Is something wrong? Sensei, I beg of you! After seeing your skills, I want you to attend to one more person please! Will you come with me to our ship? What? You're heading to the New World?! I won't go into details but, it's better for you to head back. What? Have you guys gone to that place? N-no We've just heard about it I heard it was a terrible place. It doesn't matter what is said. Whether it's hell or not, we won't know for sure until we go. What the? Sorry about that. You gave us plenty of food. Please let me thank you. I'm their current boss, Stancen. This is a special drink we've been stocking. Please drink. Is a patient really in such a place? Oi, oi, just where's he taking me to? I-is that him? Yes. He received a huge wound, And he's been under terrible pain for many days. Please Sensei, heal this man! What's with this terrible wound?! The wound should have been sutured. Why did you let him get this bad?! Even if you say that We can't move him in that state. I'll start operating right away. These are some interesting guys. You have no food, but it seems you have plenty to drink. Well, yeah. Anyway, this sure is good. To think, we found merciful people in the middle of hell. Now we'll have to thank you much more. Don't worry about it. Don't say that. If we could only go back to our place, we would thank you even more. Even if you say so, The truth is that you want us to take you there, right? You figured it out? I'm sorry. You're a funny old man. I get it, fine then. Seriously?! Wait a minute, Luffy! What about Fishman Island? If we go to another island, the log's direction will change. If we just drop them off quickly, there won't be any problem, right? It's fine, there's nothing to be worried about. I'm glad you're such a wonderful and understanding captain. Well then, we can leave our care in your hands. Well, now we're on a trip to take you back. A toast for the change of your situation. That's right. Kanpai! You're a funny captain. How did it go, Sensei? I did everything I could. All that's left is to wait. Thank you, Sensei! We can't relax. The wound hasn't healed yet. What should we do? Isn't it obvious? We have to do it! I really don't want to, They are such gentle guys. Indeed. The neechans were also pretty beautiful. What are you saying?! If we don't, we won't be able to go back! You're right. If we take such a wonderful ship, they certainly Enough. We will deliver the ship to them. We'll just proceed according to the mission. What mission?! We refuse to! We'll take this ship and counterattack! If we don't, Vigaro-san won't be able to rest in peace! Oi, oi, I don't care if you guys apologize but, You probably should after making up that fake story. Y-you were supposed to be asleep! After noticing that bad smell, I couldn't sleep. Having the nerve to add such a strange drug to my dishes. I assume you are prepared. Three people should be enough. Congratulations! What is it? The trophies have been cornered. Right now, the others are aboard their ship. Those guys Seems they were unexpectedly useful. Well, looks like their word is worth something. The sum of money seems to be quite high this time! High? Yes! Monkey D. Luffy and the Strawhat crew! Their total bounty is 660 million! Well, well. Pretty fitting for today. Yes, definitely! Well then, I'm counting on you. Yes! In the name of the family! Besides, that was Seems like this will turn into one fun party. These sudden visitors are quite troublesome. It doesn't matter even if they're hundreds. Oi! Aren't we totally surrounded by marines? You look somewhat happy. I'll now show you the Super system this ship has! Next time on One Piece: Sunny in a Pinch! Roar, Secret Superspeed Mecha I'm gonna be the Pirate King!